https://geo-matching.com/content/3d-laser-scanner-used-in-making-of-virtual-reality-film
 Geo-matching | Your Product Platform for Surveying, Positioning and Machine Guidance
ADD YOUR PRODUCTS
ALL PRODUCTS
APPLICATIONS
HARDWARE
SOFTWARE
RENTAL
INSIGHTS
WEBINARS
PODCASTS
Sign in
Home
Content
Case Study
3D Laser Scanner Used in Making of Virtual Reality Film
3D Laser Scanner Used in Making of Virtual Reality Film
CASE STUDY
By Paracosm
From dusty construction sites to floating oil rigs, PX-80 users are capturing indoor and outdoor spaces all over the world. One of the most unique applications we’ve seen so far was the use of PX-80 to document portions of the Amazon rainforest for an immersive storytelling experience.
Read more
Share
3D Laser Scanner Used in Making of Virtual Reality Film
    From dusty construction sites to floating oil rigs, PX-80 users are capturing indoor and outdoor spaces all over the world.
One of the most unique applications we’ve seen so far was the use of PX-80 to document portions of the Amazon rainforest for an immersive storytelling experience.
The Awavena team used PX-80 to map hundreds of meters of the jungle, generating massive 3D models of the environment.
These point cloud models captured the dense vegetation of the jungle and the village of Mutum in incredible detail.
  ''PX-80’s scans bring viewers right into the heart of the story. Moving through the LiDAR scans of the dense jungle paths is almost hypnotizing - it draws you deeper and deeper into the world of Hushahu and the Yawanawa. Awavena is a powerfully moving piece. I saw many people finish the experience with tears in their eyes,” said Jacob Ervin, Occipital’s Product Manager.
  “I saw many people finish the experience with tears in their eyes,”  -  Jacob Ervin, Occipital’s Product Manager.
      As an Artist in Residence at Technicolor Experience Center, Lynette Wallworth worked with Unity developers, system designers, and animators to integrate the LiDAR environments into a representation of the Yawanawa forest as ‘experienced’ in the vision state.
  “The 'vision sequence' in Awavena has magical, ethereal qualities due to the fluorescing species we were able to capture with special Canon night cameras, and the incredible PX-80 LiDAR scanner provided to us by Occipital that captured 300,000 points of data per second to render a perfect ethereal version of the Yawanawa forest - all biologically authentic and real.”  - Lynette Wallworth, Artist & Director
  This project allows the viewer to experience themselves as integrated with every atom of the environment, in alignment with Yawanawa spirituality. 
AWAVENA is made at the invitation of, and in intimate collaboration with the Yawanawa people during a time of both peril and potential for the people, their forest, and the connected ecosystems that drive the planet. 
  Hushahu on the bridge between the physical and spiritual worlds. Production still from "Awavena."
The work aims not to provoke empathy for the Yawanawa people but is rather a gift from them, to those who will virtually visit their forest and receive this transmission, a gift that they hope can shift our consciousness.
Don't miss out - Get in touch with Paracosm today!
Interested in finding out how the Paracosm PX-80 can help to improve your results? Feel free to get in touch with Paracosm for a quote or a free demo - no strings atttached!
  3D Laser Scanner
Virtual Reality
Awavena
Share
Questions for Paracosm
Do you want to get in touch with Paracosm after reading this article?
Get your answers
PX-80
Handheld LiDAR Scanner
Related products
PX-80
Search and compare Get insights Connect
PRIVACY COOKIES T&C ADVERTISING USED AND RENTAL NEWSLETTERS JOIN GEO-MATCHING CONTACT US