https://geo-matching.com/content/advantages-of-handheld-lidar-scanning
 Geo-matching | Your Product Platform for Surveying, Positioning and Machine Guidance
ADD YOUR PRODUCTS
ALL PRODUCTS
APPLICATIONS
HARDWARE
SOFTWARE
RENTAL
INSIGHTS
WEBINARS
PODCASTS
Sign in
Home
Content
Case Study
Advantages of Handheld Lidar Scanning
Advantages of Handheld Lidar Scanning
CASE STUDY
By Paracosm
Whether you’re a laser scanning master or new to the game, now is a great time to adopt a mobile 3D scanning solution. Let’s get down to business and discuss the benefits that can be reaped from handeld laser scanning, see how it compares to tripod-based systems, and address a few misconceptions out there.
Read more
Share
  Paracosm PX-80 iHandheld Lidar Scanner is ~15X faster than tripod-based systems
In a 3rd party evaluation conducted by the Center for Advanced Construction Information Modeling at the University of Florida, the same 8,000 square foot site was scanned 6X with both a Faro Focus and the PX-80. The total scanning time of the PX-80 proved 9X faster than the Faro Focus and the overall workflow and post-processing time, including registration, was about 16X faster.
  Lidar Scanning Speed cs Accuracy?
It’s no secret that we think accuracy is overrated. The laser scanning industry has done a great job making a big fuss about accuracy, however, millimeter accuracy isn’t always needed and for many projects it’s overkill.
In using a mobile scanner, there’s a trade off: you increase speed and decrease accuracy. It’s simple. You can spend a bunch of time setting up a tripod scanner, getting it positioned just right, and take a super accurate scan -- but with a fixed line of sight, it might take you a while depending on the size and complexity of your project.
A mobile system is more plug and play. You turn it on, walk through your site, and that’s it. You can cover a lot of ground in a short amount of time. Right now, our relative accuracy comes in around 2-3 cm, which for many, is more than good enough. 
PX-80 Handheld Lidar Scanner is Harmless to the Eyes
The LiDAR sensor in PX-80 is the VLP-16 Puck by Velodyne. It’s a Class 1 Laser, which means that it is harmless to the eyes, similar to the laser found in CD-ROM players in terms of safety.
Lighting is not and Issue
Scan indoors, outdoors, or in low light conditions. PX-80 can scan a variety of sites in nearly any lighting.
Retrace Your Lidar Mapping Project
PX-80’s companion software, RETRACE, allows you to go back in time and retrace your steps from anywhere in the world, in a Google "street-view" style. This is great for remote teams or simply improving your documentation. If you like to take PX-80 for a spin.
Share
Questions for Paracosm
Do you want to get in touch with Paracosm after reading this article?
Get your answers
Search and compare Get insights Connect
PRIVACY COOKIES T&C ADVERTISING USED AND RENTAL NEWSLETTERS JOIN GEO-MATCHING CONTACT US