https://geo-matching.com/used-and-rental
 Geo-matching | Your Product Platform for Surveying, Positioning and Machine Guidance
ADD YOUR PRODUCTS
ALL PRODUCTS
APPLICATIONS
HARDWARE
SOFTWARE
RENTAL
INSIGHTS
WEBINARS
PODCASTS
Sign in
Used and Rental
Geo-matching.com is the world's largest product platform for surveying, positioning and machine guidance with more than 3,000 products from 700 manufacturers. On Geo-matching you can find and compare products, read case studies, view videos and contact manufacturers directly.
Geo-matching now offers Used and Rental options. It will open new doors for suppliers, manufacturers and service providers. With a Geo-matching account, you will now be able to list Used Equipment and Products to Rent directly on our website under the designated Used or Rental category.
    Become part of Geo-matching Used and Rental
Becoming a Used equipment and/or Rental dealer on Geo-matching.com has a lot of benefits. Starting with a yearly worldwide visitor rate of 400,000 website users (and growing), your products will receive global exposure. To maximize this exposure rate even more, we will actively promote your used and rental products in our weekly newsletter (sent to 45,000+ Geo and Hydro professionals), and our social media platforms (25,000 followers).
Your listing on Geo-matching provides you with excellent, targeted worldwide exposure and a high level of product awareness among a group of potential customers. Geo-matching is indispensable in your marketing strategy. 
We look forward to working with you to create a big network and marketplace of suppliers and sellers within the used and rental range on Geo-matching.com

Rental
Rental will be subscription-based just like our Premium options.
Are you already benefitting from our Premium options? Then you will receive a considerable discount on your Rental package!
  Used
Every product placed under the Used category will have a prepaid fixed listing price of €750
Your Used Product will be listed for 3 months on Geo-matching and you will benefit from our extensive exposure options mentioned above!
Towards the end of your 3-month listing, we will contact you to evaluate your listing.
  Would you like to become a Used or Rental dealer on Geo-matching? Get in touch!
Peter Tapken
Business Development Manager
Peter.Tapken@geomares.nl
+31 514 56 18 54
  Daniël Haanskorf
Content Manager
Daniel.Haanskorf@geomares.nl
+31 514 56 18 54
Search and compare Get insights Connect
PRIVACY COOKIES T&C ADVERTISING USED AND RENTAL NEWSLETTERS JOIN GEO-MATCHING CONTACT US