https://www.navvis.com/blog/navvis-digital-factory-use-cases-equipment-relocation
 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policies.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Talk to an expert
BLOG
BIM
Digital Factory
Laser Scanning
Digital factory use case: Equipment relocation
Oleksandra Tsyganok
DIGITAL FACTORY
2 February 2021
|
3 min read
Using NavVis IVION Enterprise (previously known as NavVis IndoorViewer), factory planners have a powerful, easy-to-use tool to remotely investigate production sites and plan equipment changes.
A standard practice in modern manufacturing is that production facilities are situated close to target markets or end-customers. But if your market is going through periods of volatility, where demand can suddenly rise and fall, production facilities need flexibility to allocate their manufacturing equipment.
To transfer resources within a global network, a central planning team will frequently evaluate their entire stock of machinery, e.g., large heavy equipment and assembly lines. The information they provide feeds into the logistics of transportation, organization, and installation of such equipment.
For this reason, planners need up-to-date CAD (computer-aided design) data of both the donor factory and the recipient. They’ll also need access to the latest documentation and evaluation on the condition of the equipment. And once the facility is disassembled, it's critical to know how to put it all back together at its destination!
Without proper documentation, planners may need to physically travel to the location to assess the status quo of the factory. If they can’t gather information in person, central planning teams may fall back on old and outdated 2D plans. This leads to further disruptions in operations and the delay of essential changes.
That’s where the NavVis Digital Factory Solution enters the picture. Using NavVis IVION Enterprise, 3D visualization software that's accessible from any standard web browser, factory planners have a powerful, easy-to-use tool to organize their assembly lines and install equipment.
Moving production closer to a high-volume customer
Let’s explore this particular use case through a detailed scenario; imagine that a CNC mill needs to be relocated to another factory so that production can be moved closer to a high-volume customer.
To begin, the measurement tool in NavVis IVION Enterprise enables users to quickly and reliably verify the space required for the machine by checking its physical dimensions at its current location – all from the comfort of their desk.
Once taken, the measurements and any other bits of relevant information can be attached to this specific location as geo-tagged content using the Points of Interest feature, together with a direct link to the new location in the recipient factory.
With this set of measurements readily available, the factory planner can now review the dimensions at the new site and confirm whether the CNC mill will comfortably fit without any issues.
Other considerations like ventilation ducts or electricity supply cables can be also be reviewed by studying the high-definition panoramic images from within NavVis IVION Enterprise.
The proposed location is then tagged with a shareable Point of Interest and linked back to the original location.
Another benefit of NavVis IVION Enterprise is the way it can deliver routing information from within a spatial context. Before taking a single step, the proposed routing for both stages of the equipment can be shared with internal and external stakeholders for inspection, together with all relevant information that will accelerate decision-taking.
3D data as high-quality point clouds
In addition to the immersive panoramic images, the NavVis Digital Factory Solution also consists of 3D data as high-quality point clouds.
NavVis IVION Enterprise has a popular feature where users can crop and download specific sections of their point cloud datasets as an E57 file. This selection can be sent directly to the relevant teams and imported into third-party applications for modeling and simulation.
Layout concepts can be verified quickly and smoothly without the need for extensive modeling, simply by introducing point clouds directly into CAD software. This is especially valuable when examining fitting feasibility, considering the equipment in the context of its surroundings, and bringing stakeholders into alignment before anything is moved.
What about other related tasks like document compliance, training for new machine operators at the new location, or repairing and replacing worn parts? These activities can also be supported by the immersive visualization of NavVis IVION Enterprise, thanks to a suite of features that enhance collaboration.
In this way, the NavVis Digital Factory Solution to relocate equipment helps to not only reduce planning and travel time, but also the cost of external relocation service providers, while at the same time eliminating the risk of planning mistakes that lead to costly disruptions to production, or delays in starting up the relocated machines.
Ready to learn more? Download our new guide, Taking the next step towards your digital factory, where you'll find further information about implementing, using, and benefiting from digital twin technology in global manufacturing.
Download free guide
  Subscribe now!
Be on top of the latest trends and news in the Mobile Mapping Systems World
By submitting this form, I request and agree to receive the respective information via e-mail. I acknowledge that I am entitled to withdraw this consent at any time via the unsubscribe link in the respective e-mail. 
I further confirm that I agree to the processing of my personal data by NavVis for the purposes stated in this form. I am aware that I am entitled to withdraw my consent to this data processing at any time by sending an e-mail to privacy@navvis.com. More information on how to withdraw consent or unsubscribe, NavVis' privacy practices, and how NavVis is committed to protecting and respecting my privacy can be found in NavVis' Privacy Policy.
RELATED ARTICLES
NavVis and AVEVA partner to advance laser scanning and energize the Digital Twin
DIGITAL FACTORY
2 min read
Learn more about how NavVis and AVEVA are partnering up to grant access to reliable as-built 3D data and take the next step in Digital Twin technology.
Digital factory use case: Factory layout and assembly planning
DIGITAL FACTORY
3 min read
Visualization technologies like NavVis IVION Enterprise and its innovative features can make the process of layout and assembly planning more efficient...
NavVis announces partnership with HERE Technologies to support the future of mobility
DIGITAL FACTORY
3 min read
NavVis and HERE Technologies are working together to reshape transportation experiences.
Indoor positioning: the catalyst for augmented reality in your digital factory
DIGITAL FACTORY
3 min read
Learn about how indoor positioning technology could underpin augmented reality experiences that enable distributed teams and stakeholders to collaborate...
REALITY CAPTURE
DIGITAL FACTORY
RESOURCES
PARTNERS
COMPANY
CAREERS
CONTACT
© 2022 NavVis
Imprint
Privacy Policy