https://www.navvis.com/imprint
 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policies.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Talk to an expert
Imprint
Office Address
NavVis GmbH
Blutenburgstr. 18
80636 Munich
Germany
Office Management
+49 89 7169 250 20
info@navvis.com
www.navvis.com
Company Information
Managing Directors: Dr. Felix Reinshagen, Dr. Georg Schroth, Finn Boysen, Jeno Schadrack 
Place of jurisdiction: Munich District Court (Amtsgericht München)
Reference number: HRB 205407
VAT Id: DE 289647731 (as per Art. 27a German VAT Act / Umsatzsteuergesetz)

Responsible for the content according to § 55 para 2 RStV: Robert Stockmann (address as above)
Disclaimer
The compilation of the information on this website was made by NavVis with great care. Nevertheless, NavVis shall not be liable for the topicality, correctness, completeness or quality of the information and data.
All offers are non-binding. NavVis expressly reserves the right to alter, complete, or delete sections of or the entire online content, or to suspend the entire service temporarily or permanently without prior notice.
Copyright
All content, images, sound, graphics, video and animation files published on our website are subject to German copyright law for protection of intellectual property. Any processing, duplication, distribution or use of such content in printed or electronic publications (including the Internet) may only take place upon prior permission by NavVis. Content displayed may be subject to copyright of third parties.
Copyright © 2021 NavVis GmbH. All rights reserved.
Liability
To the extent permitted by law, any liability claims against NavVis or the authors of this website is expressly excluded. NavVis will remove any content upon notification of any violation or infringement. NavVis is not liable for any damages caused by viruses when accessing or downloading data.
Links
Despite our best efforts to monitor the content of this website, no liability shall be accepted for the content of external links. Responsibility for the content of external sites linked to this website rests with the operators of the third-party sites.
Please be aware of any third party copyright and other proprietary right. The sole fact that such trademarks are cited shall not be deemed to indicate that they are not protected by third-party rights.
Data protection
The security and protection of your personal data is of extreme importance to NavVis and for this reason, NavVis acts in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other relevant legal standards in the collection, processing and utilization of personal data. For more details, read our privacy policy.
REALITY CAPTURE
DIGITAL FACTORY
RESOURCES
PARTNERS
COMPANY
CAREERS
CONTACT
© 2022 NavVis
Imprint
Privacy Policy