https://www.navvis.com/digital-factory
 This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to improve your website and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policies.
We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Talk to an expert
NavVis Digital Factory Solution
Transparency for your manufacturing footprint
Professionals in global supply chain, engineering and operations can now digitalize their facilities with unprecedented speed and accuracy. Make decisions with confidence using reliable, detailed visualizations of your factories and production assets.
Free consultation
Try it live
Solution❘
Benefits❘
Testimonials❘
Data protection❘
Workflow❘
Use cases❘
Resources
  Solution
An up-to-date digital twin of your production facilities will revolutionize the effectiveness of your production planning and operations. Using a global scanning service to rapidly capture your entire production network, you can generate as-is documentation with speed and accuracy. Remote factory access now provides all stakeholders with the necessary information, through an easy-to-use web interface, to confidently make the right decisions at the right time.
Trusted by
  Benefits
Improved remote collaboration between central and plant roles enables quicker decision making in industrial change projects
The access to trusted as-is documentation raises engineering productivity and reduces late rework costs
Remote site visits with internal teams, external suppliers and contractors encourages collaboration while reducing travel expenses
The digitalization of paper-based shop floor processes using mobile devices brings major productivity benefits to operation and maintenance teams
10-30%
Reduction of cost for late changes through reduced planning errors
10-20%
Increased value of best practices due to adoption by additional plants
20-40%
Travel cost reduction for industrial engineers due to remotes site visits

Used by household names in manufacturing
Our trail-blazing digital factory technology now benefits some of the biggest names in manufacturing
Enterprise Success Story:
Siemens & NavVis
Digital Factory Solution
“My suppliers can easily get an understanding of what my factory looks like and what kind of solutions I need.”
THOMAS MEIER
Head of Technology Excellence, Digital Factory Division
Thanks to NavVis technology, every SKODA AUTO employee worldwide can collaborate and inspect the most up-to-date virtual representation of the production floor, reducing costs and time-to-market.
Leoš Červený
VR & Digital Factory IT Lead, SKODA AUTO
Even while in home office, our factory planners are able to take measurements in production halls without being there or even pick up a measuring tape.
André Bongartz
Project Manager, Audi
Since implementing COVID-19 physical distancing measures, the usage of our NavVis Digital Twin has increased roughly 300%. Many tasks in Environment, Health and Safety (EHS), layout planning, and operations can be done remotely from home.
Peter Krause
Simulations Expert, Siemens EWA

Data protection and compliance
Conforming to the most rigorous standards of information security, NavVis now carries a TISAX label as a trusted service provider to the automotive industry, together with ISO 27001 certification.
TISAX
Learn more
ISO 27001
Download certificate
  An end-to-end digital factory solution 
Our specialists will work with you and your team to develop a fully scalable, custom solution that can be implemented in manufacturing facilities around the world. Our enterprise-ready technology uses industry leading reality capture technology that's up to 10 times faster than any other solution on the market.
1
Consultation
We work with you to determine how digital twin technology can best serve your team globally and locally.
2
Data capture
We arrange for our global network of certified mapping partners to scan your factories around the world.
3
Deployment
We manage the setup & implementation of your digital factory solution. We train and enable your teams.
4
Operations
We provide support so that your teams have everything they need to continuously benefit from your digital factory solution.
Rapid data capture
Patented NavVis mobile mapping technology can capture production assets and factory buildings in a global manufacturing network with unprecedented speed and accuracy.
Learn more about NavVis VLX
Remote factory access
Now factory planners and engineering departments can better understand, collaborate and make the right decisions, based on actual site conditions they can trust. Empower key stakeholders to explore best practice scenarios, remotely engage suppliers, and reduce time to market.
Learn more about NavVis IVION Enterprise
Digital twins for lean management
An app for iOS and Android devices that connects the shop floor with the digital world. Powered by industry-leading AR positioning technology, NavVis IVION Go enables operations and maintenance managers to sync up information and tasks with their physical context and location.
Learn more about NavVis IVION Go
  Digital factory use cases
Global manufacturing operations
Read more
Equipment installation & relocation
Read more
Layout & production line changes
Read more
Best practice sharing
Read more
Defect reporting & maintenance
Read more
5S & Gemba walks
Read more
Intuitive visual interface
Read more

NavVis Digital Factory Solution resources
NavVis Digital Factory Survey 2021
Learn how decision makers are addressing the issues and opportunities offered by 3D virtualization.
Download now
NavVis Digital Factory Solution brochure
Learn how professionals digitalize their facilities with unprecedented speed and accuracy.
Download now
NavVis Digital Factory guide
Learn how to leverage NavVis technology and solutions in digitalizing your factory.
Download now
Audi case study
Learn more about how Audi site Neckarsulm, Germany, relies on NavVis reality capture solutions for their digital transformation.
Download now
You're only a few clicks away from having every factory at your fingertips
Book a free consultation to find out more or try it now
Free consultation
Try it live
REALITY CAPTURE
DIGITAL FACTORY
RESOURCES
PARTNERS
COMPANY
CAREERS
CONTACT
© 2022 NavVis
Imprint
Privacy Policy