  Intermodalics is a robotics software development firm, working for businesses world-wide, from our offices in Leuven, Belgium. We assist our customers in their product development journey, from technology exploration to product launch and beyond.
VISUAL POSITIONING
We are leading our customers towards precise, beacon-less indoor positioning and navigation, using only camera technology.
TECHNOLOGIES
Visual Positioning
Visual-Inertial Odometry (VIO)
Real-Time Asset Tracking
NAVIGATION & CONTROL
Sense-Plan-Act, the building blocks of robot autonomy. We simulate and create autonomous systems that keep going both indoor and outdoor.
TECHNOLOGIES
Visual & 3D Slam
Optimal control and planning
Robot Operating System - ROS
  LEARN MORE
Some of our clients
Supporting you
AT YOUR SERVICE
Our services range from full project to embedded teams
EMBEDDED TEAM
We work together with software/hardware companies world-wide. Often, day-to-day interactions by onboarding our expertise into your development team is the best way to move your product forward.
FULL PROJECT 
When all you need is a solution to your problem, we take care of your project, end-to-end. This doesn't remove your involvement or control.
You own the project, we provide the solution !
  WORKING
TOGETHER
Tailored to your needs !
CONTRACT DEVELOPMENT
 We create software which adds specific capabilities to your application.
OPEN INNOVATION &
CO-DEVELOPMENT
Share benefits and risks of a technological solution with a partner or consortium
LICENSING
 We offer licenses to our existing software capabilities.
MEET OUR TEAM
CONTACT US
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.› dictionary › leisure
the time when you are free from work or other duties and can relax: She has a limited amount of leisure time.
› dictionary › leisure
6 days ago —
6 days ago
The meaning of LEISURE is freedom provided by the cessation of activities; especially : time free from work or duties. How to use leisure in ...
Feedback
1500 × 1000 —
1500 × 1000
› projects
1280 × 853 —
1280 × 853
› company › intermodalics
1498 × 768 —
1498 × 768
› Projects
350 × 200 —
350 × 200
› inflatables › product-groups
1320 × 880 —
1320 × 880


The Red Dot Award is an international design competition for product design, communication design and design concepts.
› currencies › polkadot-new
$DOT is technically superior to all other cryptos. It's the first (proper) sharded blockchain written by the original developer of Ethereum (Gavin Wood).
Feedback
1000 × 563 —
1000 × 563


› Fitness › Ab Workouts
19 Nov 2021 —
19 Nov 2021
› watch
22 Mar 2017 —
22 Mar 2017
The plank is a great core exercise that doesn't involve doing any crunches. This video will show you how to do a basic plank, with a focus ...
Feedback
1084 × 610 —
1084 × 610


Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking ...
Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking ...
Feedback
227 × 80 —
227 × 80


› free › nasa-logo-black-and-...
Clipart library offers about 21 high-quality Nasa Logo Black And White for free! Download Nasa Logo Black And White and use any clip art,coloring,png ...
› middle › Tiihxw_nasa-blac...
Nasa Black And White Logo, HD Png Download is free transparent png image. To explore more similar hd image on PNGitem.
Feedback
› nasa-logo
328 × 280 —
328 × 280
nasa logo Stock Png Images ; Nasa Logo - Nasa Logo Png Hd, Transparent Png, Transparent PNG · 1000x850 ; Nasa Logo Black And White Simple, HD Png Download, ...
› free › black-and-white-nasa-...
1008 × 863 —
1008 × 863
Clipart library offers about 22 high-quality Black And White Nasa Logo for free! Download Black And White Nasa Logo and use any clip art,coloring,png ...
› load › hotcore.info › babki › Nasa-Log...
840 × 755 —
840 × 755
NASA Logo, On A Black Background With A World Map And A Network. The ... Nasa Logo Black And White Png - Free Cliparts Space Station, Download .
› middle › Jxioxh_old-nasa-l...
328 × 280 —
328 × 280
Old Nasa Logo - Black Nasa Logo Png, Transparent Png is free transparent png image. To explore more similar hd image on PNGitem.
› middle › iiRRobR_nasa-log...
328 × 280 —
328 × 280
Nasa Logo Png Transparent - Black And White Nasa Logo, Png Download is free transparent png image. To explore more similar hd image on PNGitem.


› wiki › Language
A language is a structured system of communication. The structure of a language is its grammar and the free components are its vocabulary.
› ... › Languages
language, a system of conventional spoken, manual (signed), or written symbols by means of which human beings, as members of a social group and participants ...
Feedback
308 × 164 —
308 × 164


› ...
H.Essers provides fast, efficient and high-quality solutions for all your Pan-European transport, warehousing and logistics demands.
› Home › About us
Logistics service provider H.Essers provides personalised and integrated transport and logistics solutions across Europe. The company was founded by Henri.
Feedback
500 × 76 —
500 × 76


› ...
Colruyt Group is a Belgian family business which, over three generations, has grown into a retail group with nearly 33,000 workers, active in three ...
› our-brands
Colruyt Group is a family business that has grown over three generations into a retail group with almost 33,000 employees and a diverse portfolio of food ...
Feedback
› agm › colruyt-group
400 × 250 —
400 × 250
Colruyt Group AGM. Date of Meeting: 16:00 PM CET - September 28, 2021. Notice of Meeting Available. Meeting not available on Lumi AGM. Notice of meeting.
› meeting › colruyt-group
400 × 250 —
400 × 250
Colruyt Group. 28 septembre 2021 - 04:00 PM CET. Avis de convocation. Réunion non disponible sur Lumi Connect. Avis de convocation ...
› case › implementation-new-...
1600 × 650 —
1600 × 650
As subsidiary of the Colruyt Group, it supplies food items to social and commercial restaurants, companies, company kitchens, and others.
› reviews
1600 × 650 —
1600 × 650
PROS: The software was easy to use and learn with the help and support of the Sunbird support team. CONS: There are always cons with learning a new software ...
› reviews
1600 × 650 —
1600 × 650
Colruyt Group Services. COMPANY TYPE: Retail. # OF EMPLOYEES: 10,001+ employees. SOFTWARE USAGE: 2+ years. OVERALL QUALITY: LIKELIHOOD TO RECOMMEND:.


Moving stories and inspiring interviews. Experience the meaning of "invented for life" by Bosch completely new. Visit our international website.
Feedback
419 × 120 —
419 × 120


› group
ABB is a pioneering technology leader that works closely with utility, industry, transportation and infrastructure customers to write the future of ...
› ...
... industry, and transport & infrastructure customers to improve their performance while lowering environmental impact. The ABB Group of companies operates ...
Feedback
› ...
500 × 199 —
500 × 199
Däppen, DMPC BU IS Manager, ABB Switzerland Ltd. The business processes in the area of installed base management were accelerated by Paloma and the data quality ...
481 × 179 —
481 × 179
Electrical & Control Specialists Ltd (ECS), member of Forges Tardieu, is an industrial automation developer and integrator positioned as an innovation ...
› en-gb › about-us
501 × 200 —
501 × 200
Efficio is the world's strategic largest procurement consultancy group operating across ten offices in Europe, North America and the Middle East.
1257 × 485 —
1257 × 485
356 × 141 —
356 × 141
EMBEDDED TEAM. We work together with software/hardware companies world-wide. Often, day-to-day interactions by onboarding our expertise into your development ...


› ...
8 days ago —
8 days ago
ENGIE takes on the challenge of the energy transition through its three businesses: electricity, natural gas and energy services.
Feedback
387 × 130 —
387 × 130


› mission_pages › msl › images
4 Aug 2017 —
4 Aug 2017
Panoramic photo of Martian landscape taken by Curiosity rover. Curiosity on Mars. A close-up image of a 2-inch-deep hole ...
› mars2020 › multimedia
Image gallery for the Perseverance rover mission that includes artwork, graphics, raw images, launch and landing images.
Feedback
› news › science › curiosity-rover-ca...
1396 × 1047 · 5 Mar 2020 —
1396 × 1047
·
5 Mar 2020
The Curiosity rover's latest images from Mars show a stunning and detailed panorama, stitched together using more than 1000 photos.
› science › mars-opportunity-r...
931 × 524 · 13 Feb 2019 —
931 × 524
·
13 Feb 2019
20, the HiRISE high-resolution camera on NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured an image of the rover in Mars' Perseverance Valley.
› story › tech › 2021/10/24
660 × 372 · 24 Oct 2021 —
660 × 372
·
24 Oct 2021
Many factors change the sound quality on the two planets, NASA says. Mars is significantly colder than Earth, and the well-below-freezing ...
› ... › Space Exploration
512 × 384 · 13 Feb 2019 —
512 × 384
·
13 Feb 2019
Deputy project scientist Abigail Fraeman was a 16-year-old high school student when Opportunity landed on Mars; she was inside the control ...
› outlook › 2019/02/14
1200 × 900 · 14 Feb 2019 —
1200 × 900
·
14 Feb 2019
I was 16 and a student at Montgomery Blair High School in Silver Spring, Md. I loved space, and I couldn't believe my luck when the Planetary ...


› office-equipment-and-ac...
Shop wide range of Office Equipment & Accessories suitable for home and office use at affordable prices! Great value and discounts only at Home n Office!
YOKE OFFICE EQUIPMENT · Ergonomic Chairs for the Best Comfort ! · New Products ! · MOST POPULAR CHAIRS ! · BEST SELLING METAL CABINETS ...
Feedback
1000 × 647 —
1000 × 647


› icons › file
Font Awesome is the internet's icon library and toolkit used by millions of designers, developers, and content creators. Made with and in Bentonville, Boston, ...
› icon › file
fa-file · Unicode: f15b · Created: v3.2 · Categories: Text Editor Icons, File Type Icons ... Note: to improve web accessibility, we recommend using aria-hidden=" ...
Feedback
› Icons
128 × 128 —
128 × 128
These royalty-free Document Icon Images are available in PNG, SVG, AI, EPS, base64, and other formats & dimensions.
› Icons
128 × 128 —
128 × 128
These royalty-free File Icon Images are available in PNG, SVG, AI, EPS, base64, and other formats & dimensions.
› Icons
128 × 128 —
128 × 128
Icons - Free Icons, Download in SVG & PNG, Styles - Line, Flat, Glyph, Outline, Gradient & more. ... File Text Document Icon. File Icon.
› o-sun-851925
512 × 512 —
512 × 512
Download O, sun icon, Category: Business & finance, Style: Glyph, Packages: Font Awesome, Author: e Gandy, License: SIL Open Font License, Color: Black.
› icon
800 × 800 —
800 × 800
All hd and TTF Fonts, the E-Mail edition. Submit. www.onlinewebfonts.com. Designed by OnlineWebFonts and Powered by WordPress. 2015 - 2022 - Font All Free.


› icon › handshake-o
fa-handshake-o · Unicode: f2b5 · Created: v4.7 · Categories: Web Application Icons ... Note: to improve web accessibility, we recommend using aria-hidden="true" ...
› icons › handshake
Icons in Action. Ever wonder what “handshake” might look like in the mix? Well, you're in luck! We've cooked up some examples of how you could use the ...
Feedback
› Font-Awesome › issues
607 × 393 · 13 Sept 2021 —
607 × 393
·
13 Sept 2021
I can't use this icon: fa-handshake-o on my html code: . I hope this icon appears like other icons. This issue does not match my problem, ...
› fa-icon-download
920 × 619 —
920 × 619
In this page you can find 38+ Fa Icon Download images for free download. ... other related icons from the tags on topics font awesome, handshake, wordpress.
› mpng › ihTTwxm_icon-fa-...
320 × 320 —
320 × 320
Find hd Icon Fa Fa Handshake , Png Download - Fa Fa Handshake O, Transparent Png. To search and download more free transparent png images.
› pngvi › mhwomb_vector-lib...
840 × 523 —
840 × 523
Vector Library Stock Handshake Transparent Trust - Font Awesome Handshake ... Png Library Transparent Transparentpng - Handshake Icon White Outline Clipart.
› freepng › handshake
320 × 320 —
320 × 320
Png Icon Free Download Onlinewebfonts Com File C - Clipart Business Handshake, Transparent Png · Font Awesome 5 Solid Handshake - Fa Handshake O, ...


Simplify your infrastructure with Linode's cloud computing and hosting solutions and develop, deploy, and scale faster and easier.
› logos › linode
Linode. Official Logos ... Find alternatives: LogoSear.ch logo Wikipedia logo Google logo. Share: share on facebook share on twitter share on pinterest ...
Feedback
› linode-logo-icon-svg-png
800 × 800 —
800 × 800
Download Logo linode logo vector in SVG format. This logo is compatible with AI, EPS, PSD Fresco, and Adobe PDF formats free.
› search
360 × 360 —
360 × 360
Linode, LLC Virtual private server Logo Computer Servers, Business, text, ... Linode, LLC Company Logo E-commerce Cloud computing, smallest, service, ...
› icon › linode-logo
111 × 128 —
111 × 128
Linode, logo Icon in Vector Logo ✓ Find the perfect icon for Your Project and download them in SVG, PNG, ICO or ICNS, its Free!
› logos › linode
700 × 800 —
700 × 800
This only shows logos named exactly linode. Try Searching to find more logos with similar names. linode-1 linode · Github VectorLogoZone Twitter Contact ...
› ... › Node Tree Vectors
512 × 512 —
512 × 512
Free download Node Tree SVG Icons for logos, websites and mobile apps, useable in Sketch or Adobe ... Nodejs icon logo PNG File ... Linode PNG File.



  LOCATE, NAVIGATE, TRACK
Using a small camera, we give you position and orientation information of your assets.
What is Visual Positioning ?
The camera of a tracking unit. Each tracking unit consists of a camera connected to a small onboard computer.
Visual positioning is finding out your position and orientation by means of a camera. It’s usually used in large areas such as warehouses, production halls, supermarkets, airports or large public spaces :
You mount a tracking unit on your asset you want to track.
The camera learns your environment on the fly and builds a map.
It will offer you the position and orientation of the tracked asset in your map.
There is no need for markers, beacons or extra installations.
CHOOSE YOUR INDUSTRY
INTRA-LOGISTICS
Track and trace the location of all your assets in warehouses and production areas. Read more…
SYSTEM INTEGRATORS
Augment your solution with real-time location information. 
Read more…
ROBOTICS & OEMS
Allow your portable device or mobile robot to know its position indoors. Read more…
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  CAMERA BASED NAVIGATION
We allow your portable device or mobile robot to know its position indoors.
 We are experts in reliable mapping and visual slam.
YOUR HARDWARE
Our software runs on your hardware
SUPPORT SERVICES
We offer dedicated engineers to facilitate integration and meet project deadlines
WORLDWIDE
We serve customers around the globe
The Intermodalics Visual Positioning System - VPS - only needs a camera and IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) to do its magic. Using this sensors set, it will learn and map the environment and locate itself in it. When it revisits a mapped area, the technology will relocate your device instantly in that map.
Additional onboard sensors (GPS, odometry or laser), can enhance positioning using sensor fusion.
LOCALIZATION
Accurately track your position
Locate with respect to a reference map
SLAM
On the fly reference map creation
Overlay with a floor plan or annotate maps
manually or based on database information
Share maps across devices
Extend and update maps as the environment changes
Position tracking in a low-light environment.
Large scale visual map creation & updates (picture scale: supermarket size).
Product development support
Visual positioning or V-slam offers the flexibility to work with your specific application. We integrate novel localisation, navigation and slam algorithms with mobile robots, AGV/AMRs or any vehicle. 
VPS +SLAM, +SCAN, +NAV
Visual positioning allows your device to localize virtually anything in a map. Navigate a mobile robot, scan a room in 3D or augment your indoor sensors with position information!  We can offer you access to the rich data which vision systems provide.
OBSTACLE DETECTION, AVOIDANCE AND NAVIGATION
In combination with 3D cameras, this allows mobile robots to follow a path and detect and avoid obstacles.
FLOOR PLAN GENERATION AND
3D RECONSTRUCTION
Attaching a visual positioning system to a 3D camera allows for mapping rooms in 3D in an affordable way.
POSITION TRACKING FOR AUGMENTED REALITY AND VR
Augment mobile devices with position tracking such that they can offer immersive experiences.
Get in touch… get your product going !
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email *
Company Name *
Message *
We typically reply to your question within 1  business day.
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  TRACK ALL YOUR FLOWS
Using a small camera, we track and trace the location of all your assets.
ACCURATE
cm-range relative accuracy

up to 30cm absolute accuracy

3D position + 3D orientation
LOW COST
no beacon or anchor costs

learns & maps on the fly

affordable for warehouses
ANYWHERE
indoor and outdoor

in between racks
expedition - storing - loading areas
PALLET-LEVEL TRACING
Track and trace pick-up and drop-off locations of loaded pallets in intralogistics
FLEET-LEVEL TRACKING
Augment your existing forklift fleet to track & trace their daily movements
GOODS-LEVEL TRACING
When paired with RFID, inbound and outbound goods can be tracked fully automatically
Our offer
We provide tracking units that each have a camera with a small computer included.
You mount a tracking unit on each forklift
The camera learns your warehouse on the fly
It will tell your WMS/ERP/YMS where each truck, colli or pallet is moving to.
Our solution has the same hardware installation cost for 5.000m2 or 100.000m2 
Position tracking in repetitive environments
Keeps working in changing environments such as expedition areas
Getting started
Starting with Visual Positioning needs only a few steps:
Map your warehouse by driving around one tracking unit
Store this visual map on your local map server
Align and annotate the visual map with a floorplan
Upload the visual maps to other tracking units
Show tracking data in a GUI and/or send it to your WMS
Applications
In most cases, a real-time localisation system is mounted on the vehicles which are driving around in warehouses or factories. You can use them stand-alone for analyzing heat-maps or spaghetti-diagrams, or integrate them with a Warehouse Management System for track-and-trace purposes. In the latter case, additional automated colli or pallet code scanning is required to link the trace code to the pick-up and drop-of location.
HEAT MAPS AND SPAGHETTI DIAGRAMS
TRACK AND TRACING
INVENTORY LOCATION AND COUNTING
Get in touch… upgrade your intralogistics !
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email *
Your Company *
Message *
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  FULL 6D POSITION AND ORIENTATION
We augment your solution with real-time location information
ACCURATE
cm-range relative accuracy

5cm to 30cm absolute accuracy

position + orientation
OPEN INTERFACE
easy REST API to rovers

no need for permanent Wifi

multi-rover tracking
AFFORDABLE
no beacon or anchor costs

learns & maps on the fly

highly scalable
Our visual RTLS allows for integration into your application or indoor/outdoor positioning platform, and does not require your customer to invest in antenna or beacon infrastructure. 
As a software provider, Intermodalics allows you to work with 3rd party sensor sets (camera + IMU) to integrate into your product offering and allows you to get position information such that you can focus on the application logic.
Our software takes care of the learning & mapping process, real-time location calculations, device management and map updating.
FOR - LOGISTICS
Learn more about indoor positioning for logistics :
LEARN MORE
LOCALIZATION
Accurately track your position
Locate with respect to a reference map
MAPPING
Ease of use with on the fly reference map creation
Overlay with a floor plan or annotate maps
manually or based on database information
Share maps across devices
Extend and update maps
Position tracking in a low-light environment.
Large scale map creation & updates (picture scale: supermarket size).
Integration support
Visual positioning offers the flexibility to work with your specific application.  We offer the integration support with your tracking platform, WMS solution or customer application and help you choose the best sensor set.
Typical Applications
Visual Positioning is best fit for battery-operated assets that get daily charged: mobile robots, indoor vehicles or electrified carts and trolleys. 
INDOOR VEHICLE POSITION TRACKING
OR NAVIGATION
BARCODE SCANNER WITH 3D POSITON INFORMATION
Get in touch… get started with Visual Positioning !
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email *
Company Name *
Message *
We typically reply to your question within 1 business day.
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  INTERMODALICS
HOME
VISUAL POSITIONING
WHAT WE DO
TEAM
JOIN US!
CONTACT US
WHAT WE DO
Since 2010, Intermodalics is developing software capabilities for autonomous and intelligent systems. Our customers are high-tech companies, start-ups and research institutes world-wide.
 ROBOTICS
Today, most robots are not aware of what’s happening around them. They can’t see who or what’s nearby and fail to detect or respond to changes in the environment. We add awareness and decision-making capabilities which enable robots to operate more autonomously.
DIGITAL INTELLIGENCE
Our customers are looking for ways to give meaning to their data. With sensors becoming ubiquitous, and providing a continuous stream of data, they need systems that can process and take actions on that data.  We create intelligent software that gives us meaningful data:  find out where things and people are, and support them in getting better together.
VISUAL POSITIONING SOLUTIONS
Using a small camera, our VPS software learns your environment and knows its position and orientation in that environment. We augment existing infrastructure and assets with position information and integrate it with the internet-of-things.
MARKETS AND APPLICATIONS - SOME EXAMPLES OF OUR WORK
AUGMENTED REALITY
We supported the Project Tango team to track the 3D motion of a mobile device using it's own camera's (VIO). Applications are 3D modeling, indoor navigation and augmented reality.
ROBOTIC SHELF INSPECTION AND PICKING
We assist our customers in scanning, taking inventory and picking from shelves in warehouses and shops.
SAFE POWERED PYLON INSPECTIONS
Together with our research partners,  KU Leuven and UGent, we performed drone missions to safely inspect the insulation of powered electricity pylons of Belgium's grid operator Elia.
SUPPORTING SPACE MISSIONS
For over five years, we support the USA space agency NASA at Goddard Space Flight Centre, Greenbelt, Maryland. Intermodalics supports the NASA Robotics Demonstration and Test team of Goddard Satellite Servicing Projects Division on-site and off-site with designing and upgrading their robotic technology software.
DEEP LEARNING
Deep Learning offers the most scalable and reliable solution to date for object detection and classification in images. Our team is highly qualified for dataset generation, designing convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures and network training.
INDOOR LOCALISATION AND STOCK COUNTING
We developed for logistics service provider H.Essers a vision based indoor positioning system and stock counting solution to enable automated guided vehicles (AGV) to autonomously localise pallets in a warehouse and to compare the information with the stock in a warehouse management system (WMS). 
TANGO ROS STREAMER
We created an Android App which streams Tango VIO and 3D scanning data to ROS ! The app and code are freely available for download in the Play Store and Github. More information can be found on the ROS wiki page.
GET IN CONTACT
Share with us your ideas! Fill out the form below and we will get back to you.
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email Address *
Your interest *
Your idea *
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  A smartphone or tablet that can navigate you through a shopping center. A device that shows you how a new piece of furniture will look like in your own living room. This is what will be possible with Google's new Android devices. What started as Project Tango and is currently being developed by the AR Core team. Thanks to its expertise in computer vision and navigation, Intermodalics was a core contributor to the Project Tango team to develop new tools and applications for these devices.
AR Core is a platform that uses computer vision to give devices the ability to understand their position relative to the world around them. The Project Tango Tablet Development Kit is an Android device with a wide-angle camera, a depth sensing camera, accurate sensor time stamping, and a software stack that exposes motion tracking, area learning and depth sensing to application developers. Thousands of developers have purchased these developer kits to create experiences to explore physical space around the user, including precise navigation without GPS, windows into virtual 3D worlds, measurement and scanning of spaces, and games that know where they are in the room, and what’s around them.
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  Get in touch
Guide your robot
3D vision systems for robot guidance. More than 500 bin picking, depalletizing, and part localization tasks running in the field.
WATCH THE VIDEO
Accurate
Get good detections with Pickit's application-specific vision engines and high-quality point clouds.
Performant
Automate reliably. Our products and services take into consideration robot programs, gripper, and cell design.
Easy to use
Save time on setup and optimization without having to code by using our intuitive software with built-in support.
Grow your suite of automation capabilities
Automate more robotic guidance applications with less effort
Are you looking to integrate 3D vision into your standard robotic solution? Learn about the possibilities with our product and technology, and explore suitability for your application.
3D Vision applications
Improve machine feeding
Release operators from having to feed the machines
Does your workforce still load machines or stage parts manually? Do you suffer from expensive and heavy-maintenance mechanical feeders and fixtures? Take a next step in your factory automation.
Machine feeding solutions
Focus on innovation
3d vision for your lab. Special offer
Are you from a university, robotics training center, innovation lab, or technology and research center? Considering running a bin-picking demo as part of a Robotics course or a test for industrial use project? Benefit from our special offer now.
Educational kit
Get to know our products
We build reliable and easy-to-use 3D vision guidance solutions. Find out more about our products.
Billet picker
Deploy our pre-integrated solution for billet handling in no time.
Learn more
Vision systems
A robust 3D vision component for your automation project.
Learn more
3D vision edu kit
Focus on innovation with Pickit's easy-to-use vision component, for educational and research institutions.
Learn more
Get expert advice on your application
Tell us where you plan to pick from, what kind of parts, and get recommendations on the best-fit Pickit products for your application.
Contact us
Works with your robot
Pickit integrates with major industrial and collaborative robot brands. You can also integrate a robot by yourself – we provide all the necessary information for integrating a new robot brand into Pickit.
More about supported robots
Hundreds of companies automated with Pickit to achieve results like this:
"What we saw was consistency - it runs at a certain rate all the time."
ADAM WILTSIE, PLANT MANAGER, VANAMATIC
See case studies
Our customers
The Guide to Bin Picking in Automotive
Are you active in the automotive industry as a subcontractor, supplier, OEM, or integrator? We know what works and what doesn't in automation with 3D vision. We're now ready to share our expertise in this guide.
Download
Stay in touch
Sign up to receive updates of product announcements, special offers, and more.
Submit
Products
Billet picker
Pickit L
Pickit M-HD
Pickit L-HD
Edu kit
Learn
3D Vision Applications
Videos
Blog
Resources
Contact us
Find a local partner
Our support
Knowledge base
Company
About Pickit
Careers
Privacy & terms
Cookies settings
Follow us
This website is developed with the support of:
© 2022 Pick-it N.V.
  Elia.be
Elia Group
EGI
50Hertz
Elia Jobs
WindGrid
Investor Relations
EN
Jobs
News
Publications
Contact us
Login to EPIC
Company
Investors
Sustainability
Safety
Innovation
search
menu
For a successful energy transition in a sustainable world
Search
What we do
Electricity Market & System
Elia shares the European ambition to establish an integrated electricity market and encourage different market players to provide system services. 
The role of the BRP
System Services
Adequacy
More info
Serving our Customers
From here, you can access the Customer Tools & Extranet page as well as learning all you need to know about tariffs and invoicing, Rational Use of Energy, access, connection and more.
Customer Tools & Extranet
Access
Connection
More info
Infrastructure & Projects
The high-voltage grid needs to constantly evolve to meet the needs of consumers and the market. Learn all about Elia’s ongoing projects.

Our infrastructure
Our projects in your area
Safety around our infrastructure
More info
Latest news
28 April 2022
Ministers take part in safety training session in preparation for offshore visit
For this year’s World Day for Safety and Health at Work, ministers Tinne Van der Straeten (Energy) and Vincent Van Quickenborne (North Sea) took part in a safety training session in preparation for a future visit to the MOG, Elia's ‘power plug’ in the North Sea. 
Read the press release
15 April 2022
Minister Dermagne visits the Arcadis Ost platform in Aalborg
On Thursday 14 April, Elia Group teams welcomed the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Economy and Employment, Pierre-Yves Dermagne, to the construction site of the Arcadis Ost platform in Aalborg, Denmark. 
Read the press release
Visit our newsroom
Public Consultations
06 May 2022 - 06 June 2022
Public consultation on the scenarios, sensitivities and data for the CRM parameter calculation for the Y-4 Auction for Delivery Period 2027-2028
03 May 2022 - 31 May 2022
Public consultation on a proposal to update the Access Rules of Nemo Link
29 April 2022 - 30 May 2022
Public consultation on the Analysis and implementation of the FCR evolutions in accordance to article 154(2) of SOGL
All public consultations
Grid data
MW
Hours
Evolution of System Imbalance and Net Regulation Volume
aFRR
mFRR
SI
NRV
Transparency on Grid Data contributes to the European electricity market and to the compliance, and is subject to a set of obligations stemming from European regulations and network codes.

View more
Discover more
Adequacy and flexibility study for Belgium 
Elia envisages increasing capacity shortage with the nuclear exit in Belgium; new report indicates the urgency of the situation and the need for a systematic safety net to maintain security of supply.
For Studies and Reports
Federal Development Plan
In this development plan Elia identifies its transmission capacity needs and describes an appropriate investment programme.


planfederaldedeveloppementelia.be
Annual Report 
The annual report consists of three parts: the Activity Report, the Sustainability Report and the Financial and corporate governance report.


Annual reports
© Elia, 2022
Disclaimer
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
This website uses cookies to provide you with an optimal browsing experience. Some cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of this website and cannot be rejected, while others are used for analytical/functional/targeting purposes and can be rejected. For more information, please consult ourCookie Policy . You can manage/change your cookie preferences at any time. If you do not manage your preferences, only the cookies which are strictly necessary will be accepted.
I accept I refuse Cookie preferences
  By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
  This site can’t be reached
Check if there is a typo in testsite1.gsfc.nasa.gov.
If spelling is correct, try running Windows Network Diagnostics.
DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN
Reload
  About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements.Learn more
ALLOW ALL COOKIES
COOKIE SETTINGS
Track & Trace
About us
Media
Sustainability
Jobs
Locations
Contact
EN
OUR SERVICES
YOUR SEGMENTS
CORONA UPDATE
ASK A QUOTE
INNOVATION LEADS H.ESSERS TO 100% STOCK ACCURACY
ASK FOR A QUOTE
News
Videos
Pictures
Newsletter
Logos
Home - News - Innovation leads H.Essers to 100% stock accuracy
INNOVATION LEADS H.ESSERS TO 100% STOCK ACCURACY
H.Essers is strongly committed to innovation. Not only because we are always looking for new ways to improve our operations, but also to create added value for our customers. With numerous projects in the field of innovative technologies such as automation, robotics and artificial intelligence, we are constantly working on the improvement of our warehousing and transport processes. One of our goals is to fully automatize the inventory in all our 100 warehouses with a 100% accuracy. With Visual SLAM technology, this goal is now within reach.
Thanks to fully scanner-driven processes and periodic manual inventory, our stock accuracy is already at 99.9%. In order to identify and resolve any occurring problems sooner, we have recently started working on a project to completely automatize our stock control. For this project, we are cooperating with the technology company Intermodalics in Leuven, Belgium, which specialises in robotics and indoor positioning systems by means of Visual SLAM technology. Soon, automated guided vehicles (AGV) will be independently localising the pallets in the warehouses and comparing them to the stock in our WMS system.
Why Visual SLAM technology?
Visual Simultaneous Localization And Mapping, in short Visual SLAM, enables indoor positioning by analysing video images. “The automated guided vehicle is equipped with a camera that records the area on its route,” Team Leader Business Analyst Robin Ceunen explains. “Based on the apparent movement of objects in the video material, the Visual SLAM system pinpoints the exact location of the AGV in our warehouse. Unlike other methods for integrating indoor positioning, the Visual SLAM technology dos not require massive investments in external recognition points such as WiFi beacons or magnetic strips on the floor. This was also a decisive factor in choosing this system. After all, we want to implement it in all of our 100 warehouses. Initially, the technology will be rolled out in our pharmaceutical segment, because stock accuracy can be of vital importance in that field. Afterwards, our chemical and high-value segments will follow. We expect the first fully automated stock controls to be operational in 2019.”
Want to know more? Talk to our expert Robin Ceunen, robin.ceunen@essers.com.
Deel dit artikel:
DIT KAN JE OOK INTERESSANT VINDEN:
On the spot: Yannick Dylst, Sustainability Project Manager
Sustainability is more than a noble pursuit at H.Essers, it’s something we actively practice every day. We have made huge…
Read More
Turning the first sod at the new site H.Essers at Kristalpark III in Lommel
Genk-based logistics company H.Essers is meeting the growing demand from its chemical customers with the construction of a new chemical…
Read More
Approach Ecolab project in Spain
Pressure at work: we all know that feeling. Many team leaders may be tempted to keep his or her team…
Read More
Transportlaan 4 3600 Genk (B) - +32 / 89.32.32.32 - info@essers.com
CONTACT
General conditions
Official Company Names
Privacy Statement
Cookie policy
© H.Essers 2022. All rights reserved
  ×
ROS Humble Hawksbill Tshirts are available!
Discount codes are available on the ROS Discourse posting..
About | Support | Discussion Forum | Service Status | Q&A answers.ros.org
tango_ros_streamer
ROS 2 Documentation
The ROS Wiki is for ROS 1. Are you using ROS 2 (Dashing/Foxy/Rolling)? Check out the ROS 2 Documentation
Wiki
Distributions
ROS/Installation
ROS/Tutorials
RecentChanges
tango_ros_streamer
Page
Immutable Page
Info
Attachments
More Actions: 
        
Raw Text
Print View
Render as Docbook
Delete Cache
------------------------
Check Spelling
Like Pages
Local Site Map
------------------------
Rename Page
Copy Page
Delete Page
------------------------
My Pages
Subscribe User
------------------------
Remove Spam
Revert to this revision
Package Pages
Sync Pages
------------------------
CreatePdfDocument
Load
RawFile
Save
SlideShow
     User
Login
Only released in EOL distros:  
indigo
kinetic
Documentation Status



Package Links
Code API
FAQ
Change List
Reviews
Dependencies (5)
Package Summary
Released Documented
This package wraps Tango Ros Streamer application
Maintainer status: developed
Maintainer: Ruben Smits <ruben AT intermodalics DOT eu>, Perrine Aguiar <perrine AT intermodalics DOT eu>
Author:
License: Apache
Source: git https://github.com/Intermodalics/tango_ros.git (branch: master)
App summary
Tango ROS Streamer is an android application and ROS node for Tango-enabled devices. Its main purpose is to provide Tango sensor data to the ROS ecosystem in order to easily use the Tango functionalities on robots.
Contents
App summary
Installation
Tutorials
Known Usages
ROS API
tango
Published Topics
Services
Parameters
Provided tf Transforms
Report a bug
Installation
From the Play Store
From source
The app has been developed and tested with ROS indigo on Ubuntu 14.04, and kinetic on Ubuntu 16.04.
Tutorials
Visualise Tango data in Rviz
Step by step tutorial to visualise Tango data published by the TangoRosStreamer application in Rviz.
Use Tango localization
Tutorial showing how to use the different localization modes provided by TangoRosStreamer.
Use the tango ROS node in your own app
Tutorial to integrate the tango ROS node of TangoRosStreamer in your own app.
Create a new tutorial:
Known Usages
Tangobot
RTAB-Map
ROS API
tango
This node is the core of the application, it is responsible for streaming Tango data to ROS.
Published Topics
android/imu (sensor_msgs/Imu)
IMU message from the Android sensors.
tango/camera/color_1/camera_info (sensor_msgs/CameraInfo)
Camera info of the Tango device color camera.
tango/camera/color_1/image_raw (sensor_msgs/Image)
Image of the Tango device color camera.
tango/camera/color_1/image_rect (sensor_msgs/Image)
Rectified image of the Tango device color camera.
tango/camera/fisheye_1/camera_info (sensor_msgs/CameraInfo)
Camera info of the Tango device fisheye camera. The fisheye camera data is not available on devices with API level > 23. This topic is therefore not advertised for these devices.
tango/camera/fisheye_1/image_raw (sensor_msgs/Image)
Image of the Tango device fisheye camera. The fisheye camera data is not available on devices with API level > 23. This topic is therefore not advertised for these devices.
tango/camera/fisheye_1/image_rect (sensor_msgs/Image)
Rectified image of the Tango device fisheye camera. The fisheye camera data is not available on devices with API level > 23. This topic is therefore not advertised for these devices.
tango/laser_scan (sensor_msgs/LaserScan)
Laser scan message created from the Tango point cloud, expressed in laser frame.
tango/point_cloud (sensor_msgs/PointCloud2)
Point cloud of the Tango device depth sensor, expressed in camera_depth frame.
tango/reconstruction/mesh_marker (visualization_msgs/MarkerArray)
Marker array containing meshes built by the Tango 3D reconstruction API.
tango/reconstruction/occupancy_grid (nav_msgs/OccupancyGrid)
Occupancy grid built from the Floorplan of the Tango 3D reconstruction API.
tango/static_occupancy_grid (nav_msgs/OccupancyGrid)
Static occupancy grid after loading it with the tango/load_occupancy_grid service.
tango/status (std_msgs/Int8)
Current status of the Tango service. 0: UNKNOWN, 1: SERVICE_NOT_CONNECTED, 2: NO_FIRST_VALID_POSE, 3: SERVICE_CONNECTED.
tango/transform/area_description_T_start_of_service (geometry_msgs/TransformStamped)
Current transform between area_description and start_of_service frames.
tango/transform/start_of_service_T_device (geometry_msgs/TransformStamped)
Current transform between start_of_service and device frames.
Services
tango/connect (tango_ros_messages/TangoConnect)
Doc here. Service to disconnect/connect to the Tango service. 0: DISCONNECT, 1: CONNECT, 2: RECONNECT (disconnect and connect cycle).
tango/get_map_name (tango_ros_messages/GetMapName)
Doc here. Get the name of a map given its uuid.
tango/get_map_uuids (tango_ros_messages/GetMapUuids)
Doc here. Get uuid and name lists of all maps available.
tango/load_occupancy_grid (tango_ros_messages/LoadOccupancyGrid)
Doc here. Load an occupancy grid from disk (path set via the tango/occupancy_grid_directory parameter) and publish it on the /tango/static_occupancy_grid topic. If the yaml file of the occupancy grid contains a uuid field and it is not empty, then the origin of the occupancy grid is expressed wrt the AREA_DESCRIPTION frame. Otherwise, its origin is expressed wrt the START_OF_SERVICE frame. Also, in the case where a localization map is loaded (/tango/localization_map_uuid parameter set before connecting to Tango) and its uuid corresponds to the uuid field of the occupancy grid yaml file, then the occupancy grid is aligned with the localization map.
tango/save_map (tango_ros_messages/SaveMap)
Doc here. Save the current localization map and/or the occupancy grid with the given name. 1: SAVE_LOCALIZATION_MAP, 2: SAVE_OCCUPANCY_GRID. The localization map saved is internal to Tango and can not be accessed directly. To be able to save it the /tango/create_new_map parameter needs to be true. The occupancy grid is saved to disk (path set via the tango/occupancy_grid_directory parameter) as a pair of files: a pgm file encoding the occupancy data and a yaml file describing the metadata. This is compatible with the existing ROS node map_server. If the occupancy grid is saved together with the localization map or while a localization map is already loaded (/tango/localization_map_uuid parameter was set before connecting to Tango), the origin of the occupancy grid is saved wrt the AREA_DESCRIPTION frame and the uuid of the localization map is saved in the occupancy grid yaml file. This way, the occupancy grid will be aligned with the localization map if loaded later. Otherwise, it is saved wrt the START_OF_SERVICE frame and the uuid field is left empty in the yaml file. In this case the occupancy grid will not be aligned with the localization map when loaded later.
tango/set_parameters (dynamic_reconfigure/Reconfigure)
Dynamic reconfigure service to change runtime parameters.
Parameters
tango/area_description_frame_id (string, default: area_description)
Frame id used for the Tango frame AREA_DESCRIPTION.
tango/create_new_map (bool, default: false)
True to create a new map. If true, tango/localization_mode is not used.
tango/enable_3dr_mesh (bool, default: true)
True to enable extraction of mesh using the Tango 3D reconstruction API. To allow Tango 3D reconstruction, enable_color_camera and enable_depth also need to be true.
tango/enable_3dr_occupancy_grid (bool, default: true)
True to enable extraction of occupancy grid using the Tango 3D reconstruction API. To allow Tango 3D reconstruction, enable_color_camera and enable_depth also need to be true.
tango/enable_color_camera (bool, default: true)
True to enable color camera. If false, Tango will not connect to the color camera of the device, which can save battery, but topics that need color image will not be advertised (color camera, mesh, occupancy_grid). Also, note that this parameter has effect only for devices with Android API level > 23. For devices with lower API levels, the color camera is always enable.
tango/enable_depth (bool, default: true)
True to enable depth camera. If false, Tango will not connect to the depth camera of the device, which can save battery, but topics that need depth data will not be advertised (pointcloud, laser, mesh, occupancy_grid).
tango/laser_scan_max_height (double, default: 1)
Maximum height of the tango laser scan in meter
tango/laser_scan_min_height (double, default: -1)
Minimum height of the tango laser scan in meter
tango/localization_map_uuid (string, default: "")
Uuid of the map to use for localization. Used only if tango/localization_mode is set to 3.
tango/localization_mode (int, default: 2)
Localization method to use. 1: ODOMETRY (only VIO, no map required), 2: ONLINE_SLAM (VIO + drift correction, no map required), 3: LOCALIZATION (localization in map). To know more about the localization modes, read Use Tango localization.
tango/occupancy_grid_directory (string, default: /sdcard/tango_ros_streamer/occupancy_grids/)
Path to the directory where occupancy grids are saved/loaded.
tango/publish_pose_on_tf (bool, default: true)
True to publish transforms on /tf
tango/reconstruction/floorplan_max_error (double, default: 0.0)
Used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API. According to its documentation: "Upper bound on geometric error in meters during polygon simplification. Set to zero to disable simplification.".
tango/reconstruction/max_voxel_weight (int, default: 16383)
Used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API. According to its documentation: "The maximum voxel weight for the integration filter. Defaults to 16383. Roughly corresponds to the number of observations. A higher value gives better geometric quality and stability; a lower value gives more responsiveness to dynamic objects.".
tango/reconstruction/min_num_vertices (int, default: 1)
Used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API. According to its documentation: "Minimum number of vertices that every connected component in the mesh should consist of. Defaults to 1. Smaller components (typically noise) will be deleted.".
tango/reconstruction/occupancy_grid_threshold (int, default: 180)
Threshold to decide if a pixel value should correspond to a free or occupied cell when converting the image of Tango 3D reconstruction to an occupancy grid. Should be between 0 and 255: pixel value <= threshold --> cell is free, pixel value > threshold --> cell is occupied.
tango/reconstruction/resolution_3d (double, default: 0.05)
Resolution used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API, in meter. It also corresponds to the resolution of the occupancy grid.
tango/reconstruction/update_method (int, default: 0)
Used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API. According to its documentation: "Update method to be used when caling Tango3DR_update. See Tango3DR_UpdateMethod.".
tango/reconstruction/use_space_clearing (bool, default: false)
Used by the Tango 3D reconstruction API. According to its documentation: "When true, will clear away free space along the depth observations. Default is false. If enabled, 3D reconstruction will create higher quality meshes at a cost to performance.".
tango/start_of_service_frame_id (string, default: start_of_service)
Frame id used for the Tango frame START_OF_SERVICE.
tango/use_tf_static (bool, default: true)
True to use /tf_static latched static transform broadcaster. If set to false static transforms are published on the /tf topic.
tango/android_api_level (int, default: 0)
API level of the Tango device running the node. It should be set only if the node is running on an Android device. In this case it should be set by the Android application running the node, before connecting to the Tango service.
Provided tf Transforms
area_description → start_of_service
Transform between area_description and start_of_service frames. This transform is available only if tango/localization_mode is set to 2 or 3. Tango is updating this transform quite slowly (~10 Hz), which can cause some applications that need high rate for odometry (e.g. navigation) to not work properly. As a workaround, this transform is published as a static transform even though it changes over time.
start_of_service → device
Transform between start of service frame (first device pose after starting the Tango service) and current device frame.
device → camera_depth
Depth camera pose expressed in the device frame (static transform)
camera_depth → laser
Laser pose expressed in the depth camera frame (static transform)
device → camera_fisheye
Fisheye camera pose expressed in the device frame (static transform)
device → camera_color
Color camera pose expressed in the device frame (static transform)
device → imu
IMU pose expressed in the device frame (static transform)
Note that all image topics are published via image_transport. Therefore, for each image topic, a compressed version of the image is available together with its compression parameters.
Also note that the service tango/connect seems to not work properly on Tango Tablet Development Kit.
Report a bug
Use GitHub to report bugs or submit feature requests. [View active issues]
Wiki: tango_ros_streamer (last edited 2017-12-08 09:29:36 by PerrineAguiar)
Except where otherwise noted, the ROS wiki is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
  Since 2010, Intermodalics is developing software capabilities for autonomous and intelligent systems. Our customers are high-tech companies, start-ups and research institutes world-wide.
 ROBOTICS
Today, most robots are not aware of what’s happening around them. They can’t see who or what’s nearby and fail to detect or respond to changes in the environment. We add awareness and decision-making capabilities which enable robots to operate more autonomously.
DIGITAL INTELLIGENCE
Our customers are looking for ways to give meaning to their data. With sensors becoming ubiquitous, and providing a continuous stream of data, they need systems that can process and take actions on that data.  We create intelligent software that gives us meaningful data:  find out where things and people are, and support them in getting better together.
VISUAL POSITIONING SOLUTIONS
Using a small camera, our VPS software learns your environment and knows its position and orientation in that environment. We augment existing infrastructure and assets with position information and integrate it with the internet-of-things.
MARKETS AND APPLICATIONS - SOME EXAMPLES OF OUR WORK
AUGMENTED REALITY
We supported the Project Tango team to track the 3D motion of a mobile device using it's own camera's (VIO). Applications are 3D modeling, indoor navigation and augmented reality.
ROBOTIC SHELF INSPECTION AND PICKING
We assist our customers in scanning, taking inventory and picking from shelves in warehouses and shops.
SAFE POWERED PYLON INSPECTIONS
Together with our research partners,  KU Leuven and UGent, we performed drone missions to safely inspect the insulation of powered electricity pylons of Belgium's grid operator Elia.
SUPPORTING SPACE MISSIONS
For over five years, we support the USA space agency NASA at Goddard Space Flight Centre, Greenbelt, Maryland. Intermodalics supports the NASA Robotics Demonstration and Test team of Goddard Satellite Servicing Projects Division on-site and off-site with designing and upgrading their robotic technology software.
DEEP LEARNING
Deep Learning offers the most scalable and reliable solution to date for object detection and classification in images. Our team is highly qualified for dataset generation, designing convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures and network training.
INDOOR LOCALISATION AND STOCK COUNTING
We developed for logistics service provider H.Essers a vision based indoor positioning system and stock counting solution to enable automated guided vehicles (AGV) to autonomously localise pallets in a warehouse and to compare the information with the stock in a warehouse management system (WMS). 
TANGO ROS STREAMER
We created an Android App which streams Tango VIO and 3D scanning data to ROS ! The app and code are freely available for download in the Play Store and Github. More information can be found on the ROS wiki page.
GET IN CONTACT
Share with us your ideas! Fill out the form below and we will get back to you.
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email Address *
Your interest *
Your idea *
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.
