https://marvelmind.com
 Products Downloads Robots Drones Forklifts People Demos Help About us
Distributors Presentation Customers Users Manual FAQ Forum
Shop
0
Precise (±2cm) Indoor Positioning and Navigation
for autonomous robots, drones, vehicles and humans
SUPER-ACCURATE
10x more accurate than UWB.
100x more accurate than BLE/WiFi
INEXPENSIVE
Up to 10 times less expensive than alternatives
VERSATILE
Precise RTLS for various applications: autonomous robotics, vehicles, drones, manufacturing, logistics, safety. Works indoor and outdoor
EASY TO DEPLOY
Basic configurations can be deployed in 5 minutes

SCALABLE
250 beacons/tags supported today, covering 20,000m2 and more.
Thousands beacons/tags supported with Multi-modem architecture
FLEXIBLE
Suitable for large-scale industrial applications and university projects
QUICK DELIVERY
The same or next day shipment for the majority of products.
Free of charge shipment for orders starting from 499 EUR
SUPPORT
Various support channels from online chat to full managed services

Marvelmind Indoor "GPS" - the world's most precise indoor positioning system
Marvelmind precise indoor positioning system is the world’s most precise commercially available indoor positioning system (IPS) for industrial and robotics applications. It provides typical ±2cm accuracy. See live performance.
 It is a off-the-shelf ready-to-use indoor navigation system based on stationary ultrasonic beacons united by radio interface in license-free ISM band (915/868 MHz or 433MHz). See more in the Architectures comparison.
We offer
Starter Sets
Easy to deploy ready to use inexpensive kits equipped with all required hardware and software to deploy small precise RTLS in your specific environment before building larger networks. Check Products.
Expansion
When you have successfully tested the system and familiarized with it expand by adding more stationary beacons (anchors) and more mobile beacons (tags). Choose yours in Products.
Larger projects
We offer the full range of services – from basic initial assessment and consulting to the full-remote deployment with tuning and optimization and managed services. We provide various levels of support.
Customized software
We do SW customization, add new features or tune the existing ones based on your specific requests. Send to us details via: info@marvelmind.com
White-label solution
For larger projects we are ready to supply white-label products. Request via email: info@marvelmind.com
Training
We are happy to teach our partners and customers how to build and operate the system most efficiently. Contact us via email: info@marvelmind.com
Typical Use Cases
Autonomous Robots
 Main Marvelmind Robots page.
 Autonomous delivery robot to deliver boxes from a warehouse to the assembly line within a car assembly plant:
 – Delivery demo: external view
– Delivery demo: system view
 Autonomous advertising robots rambling inside a shopping mall on a predefined path and attracting a crowd and advertising a local dining place.
 Autonomous inspection robots in metro and tunnels.
 Myriads of different university projects in autonomous robotics:
– Autonomously driving robot indoor
– Autonomously driving robot outdoor
– Robot driving 8-pattern
Autonomous Drones
 Main Marvelmind Drones page.
 Inspection drones for warehouses, construction sites and bridges. Virtually any kind of drones with external GPS inputs in the GNSS-denied areas. PixHawk-based drones. Both ArduPilot and PX4 stacks are support:
 – Precise drone tracking indoor
– Precise drone tracking outdoor
– Autonomous drone indoor
– Autonomous drone with Paired Beacons
 Micro-drones for shows
 PixHawk-based drones and integration with ArduPilot and PX4
People Tracking
 Main Marvelmind People page.
 Tracking of warehouse workers for productivity and safety in a warehouse
 Tracking of museum visitors to analyze the visitors’ visiting pattern and arrange the exhibitions accordingly
 Interactive museum exhibitions showing different multimedia content depending on the type (color) of the visitor’s badge – kids, general audience, professionals
 Multi-floor people tracking for industrial applications
Forklifts Tracking
 Main Marvelmind Vehicles page.
 Tracking of forklifts in a warehouse to collect the real-time location data and to optimize routing and movements of the forklifts in order to increase productivity
 Tracking of forklifts including their forks in 3D in order to find misplaced palettes inside a warehouse more quickly
 Automatic job assigning to the nearest forklift based on the job and forklifts locations
 Speeding (accidents) prevention
 Tracking of forklift-like vehicles in an aluminum melting plant to measure the drivers adherence to the working procedures and overall response time in case of accidents
Precise RTLS for Industry
 An excavator and a team of 15 workers. The task was to calculate the excavator’s productivity by measuring the amount of movements the excavator’s bucket made during the working shift. Another task was to increase safety by creating geo-fencing zone around the excavator warn workers in case of dangerous proximity with the moving parts of the excavator
 Precise position measurement of a huge hook with 42-tonne carrying capacity inside a steel melting plant. Precise tracking of the hook in 3D + hook’s angle against a bridge crane and against the loading vehicles. The setup used for productivity and safety
Vehicles Tracking
 Main Marvelmind Vehicles page.
 Local RTLS in the GNSS denied areas for public parking authorities
 Bus parking assistance for bus drivers and autonomous buses
 Automatic docking station of boats in harbor – precise localization of connectors from the ground charging station to the boats’ mating part
Swarm Robotics
 Research in swarm robotics. Demo: Precise tracking of 90 swarming robots in real time
 Precise – 1-2-cm level accuracy – localization of multiple mobile objects. Demo and the settings
Boats
 Research of autonomous boats.
 Autonomous docking of small boats to larger ships.
 Tracking of racing R/C boats
Sports
 Hockey
Figure skating
Skating
Horse riding
Carting
VR / AR
 Different VR and AR applications:
Industrial VR training on nuclear station
Selling houses in VR
VR demo: Location+Direction
 VR team games and VR quests as an alternative to very expensive motion capture systems.
 Assisting VR/AR systems with repositioning after they lose a lock/track.
   Compare different RTLS systems
Learn more about alternative RTLS solutions in our popular detailed presentation “Review and comparison of different indoor positioning technologies and methods with focus on industrial applications” in PDF.  
 If interested to learn even in more details, watch a detailed 90-minute YouTube explanatory video about different types of indoor positioning or indoor real-time location systems for industry, warehousing, intralogistics, construction sites, mining and underground.
 Read more about Indoor “GPS”.
 Superior accuracy is the key differentiator indoor. That level of accuracy is achievable only by very few commercially available technologies:
 – RTK GPS – but GPS/GLONASS doesn’t work indoor and, as a result, RTK GPS doesn’t work indoor either
 – LIDARs – but they are very costly, power hungry, bulky and suitable only for limited applications in AGVs or autonomous robots. LIDARs are not generally suitable for people or assets tracking or drones. LIDARs are very good for obstacle detection and avoidance, but have limited practical usability for RTLS in complex industrial environment
 – Optical motion capture – but that works only in limited area and is very costly, because requires a dense network of expensive high-speed cameras, cable wiring and fast computers and is not really suitable for industrial applications
 In practice, it means that if you need indoor tracking accuracy better than that in UWB, the only viable option is Marvelmind RTLS.
UWB
 For comparison, ultra-wideband (UWB) systems give around 10-30 cm positioning accuracy, which is great per se and is usually sufficient for people tracking in industrial applications, but not sufficient for robots or drones. Marvelmind gives ~10 times better accuracy that UWB and is less expensive at the same time. See a comparison video.
 For info, see our practical recommendations for UWB system planning.
 If you need even better accuracy than UWB gives, check the article: What is more accurate than UWB?
BLE / WiFi
 Unlike the UWB technology that is designed for RTLS and that is using time-of-flight (ToF) to measure the distances and trilateration to calculate the position (like GPS does), BLE or WiFi systems are based on the radio signal strength (RSSI-based RTLS) to estimate the distance and are not designed for RTLS.
 Their RTLS capability is just a nice by-product of the overall great wireless data transmission technologies. But the data transmission technologies are not necessarily great for indoor positioning or RTLS in general. Thus, BLE systems give modest 3-10 meter accuracy (WiFi is even less precise). That is 100 times worse than the Marvelmind indoor positioning system.
 The only great benefit of BLE is that you don’t need to have a mobile beacon (tag) on the person. Your phone is the mobile beacon. Thus, BLE is good for guiding people in shopping malls, museums or airports.
 BLE is not well suitable for industrial or warehouse applications, where you need accuracy better than room-level or you have a lot of metal, because the RSSI is hugely distorted by the moving metal (vehicles, palettes, shelves, etc.) and the accuracy of the position estimation degrades further.
 Also, it is worth noting, that for assets tracking you need have a mobile beacon (tag) anyway attach to the assets. Thus, benefits of BLE vanish even more as compared with tracking of mobile phones.
 Check more info on better alternatives to BLE solutions.
CONTACTS
Marvelmind OÜ
Ahtri tn 12
Tallinn, 10151
Estonia
Phone: +1 (650) 843-9243
Phone: +372 712 4277
Email: info@marvelmind.com
COMMON
Indoor “GPS” presentation
Demo videos and tutorials
Robot v100
Pricelist
Distributors
GET STARTED
Operating Manual
Placement Manual
Architectures Comparison
FAQ / Forum
Drones page
Marvelmind List
DOWNLOADS
Marvelmind SW pack
Marvelmind interfaces
PixHawk Integration Manual
OTHER
About us
Payment methods
Shipment
Warranty
Help
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read More