https://marvelmind.com/drones
 Products Downloads Robots Drones Forklifts People Demos Help About us
Distributors Presentation Customers Users Manual FAQ Forum
Shop
0
Home > Drones
How to build autonomous drones indoor
We explain how to design and build autonomous drones to operate indoor and what systems to use to track drones indoor.
Recommended Marvelmind configurations for drones
When you are very new to the Marvelmind Indoor “GPS” system and you are not sure what to choose, just get the Starter Set Super-MP (MP – acronym of multi-purpose) and that would be your safest choice.
For more specifics, study the recommended options below.
Starter Set Super-MP-3D + Super-Beacon - Location+Direction on the drone


Starter Set NIA-SmallDrone
Starter Set Super-MP-3D + Super-Beacon - Location+Direction on the drone with Precise-Z

If you want outdoor protection, then we don’t have ready sets. But you can gather the set by replacing Super-Beacons with Super-Beacons-Outdoor and Modem v5.1 with Modem v5.1-Outdoor.
If you are not sure, just send us an email to info@marvelmind.com with detailed questions and we will be happy to help and advise.
Using Marvelmind Indoor "GPS" for drones and quadcopters
Marvelmind indoor positioning system or Marvelmind Indoor “GPS” is widely used for drones or quadcopters in many different ways:
Guiding autonomous drones indoor and outdoor
Tracking drones indoor
Automatic landing or landing assistance
Drones shows
Marvelmind Indoor "GPS" supports PixHawk with ArduPilot and PX4
Marvelmind Indoor “GPS” supports both PixHawk with ArduPilot and PX4:
 Marvelmind and ArduPilot – link to ArduPilot.org
Marvelmind and PX4 Integration Manual – step by step guidance with settings and screenshots for Mission Planner, PixHawk and the HW connectivity
PixHawk and Marvelmind Integration Manual – step by step guide for PixHawk, ArduPilot and Marvelmind integration for drones
Build indoor positioning system for quadcopters properly
There are quite many, but rather basic aspects that have to be taken into account to successfully fly indoor:
 Autonomous copter settings manual – basic and practical recommendations for setting up of Indoor “GPS” system for usage with autonomous copters/drones indoor and outdoor
Placement Manual – practical advises and examples of how to mount the Marvelmind Indoor “GPS” system to achieve the best performance in different applications and configurations
– Check the slides about drones
– Check the slides about Precise Z
 Help: Z-coordinates for copters – long explanation – YouTube explanation how to place the stationary beacons properly to get good Z accuracy. If you can’t use the advises, because your environment doesn’t let you, use the Precise Z configuration with 4+2 stationary beacons
  See the Products page for different starter sets options.
However, just 3 stationary beacons would have little resiliency against obstructions. Any occlusion of any stationary beacon – non-line of sight/hearing situation – will lead to no tracking or erroneous tracking. Very much ike in GPS: “no satellites visibility = no GPS coordinates = no tracking”.
Thus, we recommend, at least, N+1 redundancy for stationary beacons. And that is why our starter sets for 3D consist of 4 stationary beacons.
Even better is to have 2N redundancy with fully overlapping 3D submaps. That would be either 3+3 or 4+4 stationary beacons. The system would automatically choose the best submap for tracking. That kind of system is very resilient and with proper placement of the beacons, you can fly even in complex rooms with columns, for example, without issues with tracking.
The key for the great tracking is to provide proper coverage at any flight point, i.e. the mobile beacons on the drone must have 3 or more stationary beacons belonging to the same submap with clear direct line of sight/hearing within 30m.
Proper placement is the key usually and particularly important to drones, because they require 3D; the drones are fast; and the mistakes may be particularly costly. What to pay attention to?
The single most important requirement for good tracking or autonomous flight – provide clear line of sight/hearing visibility from the mobile beacons on the drone to 3 or more stationary beacons
Don’t rely on magnetometers indoor. Use the Paired Beacons configuration for Location+Direction
Place stationary beacons so that angles from the mobile beacons to the stationary beacons would be 30 degree or more. See a longer explanation in the video
Use the Precise-Z configurations when not possible to achieve proper angles to the stationary beacons otherwise
Examples of precise indoor positioning and navigation for drones
Precisely (±2cm) tracking DJI Phantom quadcopter indoor in 3D (XYZ)
Precise tracking in X,Y,Z (XY view + XZ view + YZ view)
Raw data and post-processed data from Dashboard’s Player – notice, that today the same is available not in the post-processing, but in the Real-Time Player
The DJI eco-system is closed, at least, the Phantom and Mavic series. Thus, it is possible to track the Phantom, but not fly autonomously indoor (without deeper hacking)
Precisely (±2cm) tracking DJI Phantom quadcopter outdoor in 3D (XYZ)
Precise (±2cm) tracking in XYZ (XY view + XZ view + YZ view) – the same as above, but outdoor
In this demo and in the demo above, the same Precise-Z configuration consisting of 4+2 stationary beacons is used. See more in the Placement Manual
Fully autonomous flight indoor
Small copter is flying fully autonomously relying on Marvelmind Indoor “GPS”
Indoor tracking small and micro-drones
It is possible to track even micro-drones (less than 100g) with the help of Mini-TX beacons.
Starter Set NIA-SmallDrone is specifically designed for these kind of drones.
The minimum configuration for the drone tracking would be any NIA set with 3D capability. For example, 3 stationary beacons + 1 mobile beacon + 1 modem and Non-Inverse Architecture (NIA) or Multi-Frequency NIA (MF NIA) would be already OK for the drone.
Drones for warehouse inspection
It is quite popular to use drones for warehouse inspection – finding lost pallets, security, etc. Yes, it is a doable task, but very complex in practice:
Very challenging environment in general
Drones fall and break => high cost of error
Drones are potentially dangerous to fly => difficult to develop and use
Nevertheless, the solution is very promising. Thus, drone builders or builders of warehouse systems use our indoor positioning system for such solutions. In the video we explain peculiarities of the environment (narrow aisles and high shelves) and how the peculiarities affect accuracy and how to build the system optimally.
Autonomous landing platform for drones
It is possible to build an autonomous landing platform for a drone. It can be even a moving one:
You place 4 stationary Super-Beacons facing up on the edges of the platform. The larger platform – the better accuracy on the distance
You place 2 mobile Super-Beacons facing down
Drone flies using regular RTK GPS or even GPS when it is far and then up to 30m distance from the platform it is locked to the Indoor “GPS” coordinates and is landing based on these coordinates. As mentioned, the platform may be static against earth or moving. It doesn’t matter for the drone. So, you can precisely land on a moving vehicle, for example.
CONTACTS
Marvelmind OÜ
Ahtri tn 12
Tallinn, 10151
Estonia
Phone: +1 (650) 843-9243
Phone: +372 712 4277
Email: info@marvelmind.com
COMMON
Indoor “GPS” presentation
Demo videos and tutorials
Robot v100
Pricelist
Distributors
GET STARTED
Operating Manual
Placement Manual
Architectures Comparison
FAQ / Forum
Drones page
Marvelmind List
DOWNLOADS
Marvelmind SW pack
Marvelmind interfaces
PixHawk Integration Manual
OTHER
About us
Payment methods
Shipment
Warranty
Help
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read More