https://marvelmind.com/vehicles
 Products Downloads Robots Drones Forklifts People Demos Help About us
Distributors Presentation Customers Users Manual FAQ Forum
Shop
0
Home > Vehicles
Precise indoor positioning for forklifts
It is important to track indoor forklifts, carts, AGVs and other vehicles for various purposes:
Safety: to prevent collisions, accidents, breaking of vehicles or goods
Productivity: to assign tasks based on location, to know the routes and optimize driving
Monitoring: receive data from the vehicle; send data to the vehicle or stop it completely
Recommended configurations for forklifts and other vehicles
For indoor only use Starter Set Super-MP-3D
Overall, it is the best and the safest choice, when you are not sure what to choose or what exact experiments you will run, but you want to have the easiest solution with the greatest flexibility and the greatest performance at the same time.
Configuration:
https://marvelmind.com/product/starter-set-super-mp-3d/ – the main set. It may be sufficient for the very first experiments. Then, you could expand with additional Super-Beacons
https://marvelmind.com/product/super-beacon/ – additional mobile or stationary beacons for expansion. Switching between the mode is just a click in the Dashboard.
Indoor and outdoor use Super-Beacons-Outdoor + Modem-Outdoor
The easiest and recommended configuration consists of Super-Beacons-Outdoor and Modem-Outdoor.
The least expensive configuration:
2 x Super-Beacon-Outdoor as stationary
1 x Super-Beacon-Outdoor as mobile (the same Super-Beacon-Outdoor as stationary, but switched to the mobile mode)
1 x Modem v5.1
You will get a 2D tracking in one submap with a maximum distance
For industrial environment indoor and outdoor use Industrial Super-Beacons + Super-Modem
Industrial Super-Beacons and Super-Modem is recommended, when you have to operate indoor and outdoor, work with temperatures below 0C (Industrial beacons do not have embedded batteries that could fail in sub-zero temperatures) or need industrial connectivity such as RS485 or CAN.
Recommended minimum configuration:
2 x Industrial Super-Beacon-Plastic as stationary (for example, 19kHz and 31kHz)
1 x Industrial Super-Beacon-Plastic as mobile
1 x Modem v5.1-Outdoor
Other important aspects to pay attention too
Modem v5.1 vs. Super-Modem
Super-Modem is certainly more powerful, having industrial interfaces (RS485) and better protected than Modem v5.1. Super-Modem even has a WiFi inside.
However, Super-Modem is more complex to use:
WiFi settings may confuse you
Instead of basic USB, Super-Modem uses as special USB-to-7p-IP67 connector
Therefore, particularly, at the beginning, we recommend using Modem v5.1-Outdoor instead of Super-Modem. And later – when you become more familiar – you can easily switch to the Super-Modem.
Default antenna vs. Full-size antenna
Industrial environment is often radio propagation unfriendly:
Multiple metal walls or constructions (shelves, etc.). That leads to heavy multi-path propagation with very deep minimums in radio signal strength
Large distances – to hundreds of meters or even more
Potential interference from multiple other sources
Therefore, we recommend to use full-size antennas. They can’t solve radio problems, but minimize the chances to have them.
In some cases, special directional antennas on the modem side or on the farther-end beacons can be recommended.
For even larger cases, we recommend Multi-Modem configurations. Each Super-Modem is responsible for its map. And they send their data to a Super-Super-Modem that units maps into a super-map that is seen by the end user as a seamless map. See more about the Multi-Modem configurations in the Presentation.
Using Marvelmind Indoor "GPS" for precise tracking of forklifts indoor
Marvelmind indoor positioning system or Marvelmind Indoor “GPS” is widely used for drones or quadcopters in many different ways:
Guiding autonomous drones indoor and outdoor
Tracking drones indoor
Automatic landing or landing assistance
Drones shows
Examples of precise indoor positioning for vehicles
Precise (±2cm) tracking of 10 forklifts 5,000 miles away
Setup:
Warehouse (660’x60′)
10 forklifts with a Super-Beacon with an Omni-Microphone per forklift
14 x stationary Super-Beacons to cover the whole warehouse
1 x Modem v5.1 as a central controller – Inverse Architecture (IA) with fully-overlapping TDMA submaps
Full remote deployment over TeamViewer
CONTACTS
Marvelmind OÜ
Ahtri tn 12
Tallinn, 10151
Estonia
Phone: +1 (650) 843-9243
Phone: +372 712 4277
Email: info@marvelmind.com
COMMON
Indoor “GPS” presentation
Demo videos and tutorials
Robot v100
Pricelist
Distributors
GET STARTED
Operating Manual
Placement Manual
Architectures Comparison
FAQ / Forum
Drones page
Marvelmind List
DOWNLOADS
Marvelmind SW pack
Marvelmind interfaces
PixHawk Integration Manual
OTHER
About us
Payment methods
Shipment
Warranty
Help
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read More