https://marvelmind.com/people
 Products Downloads Robots Drones Forklifts People Demos Help About us
Distributors Presentation Customers Users Manual FAQ Forum
Shop
0
Home > People
Precise indoor positioning and navigation for people in industrial environment
Typical needs:
Safety: to minimize probabilities or accidents: geofencing, avoiding being hit by vehicles of machines. Rescue if needed. Alarm buttons
Productivity: to know where people are in real time and to assign tasks based on location
Monitoring: to receive data from the person on the move – health data and special data (gauges, telemetry, etc.)
Typical requirements:
Accuracy: less than 1m; often – less than 0.5m – our system supports ±2cm
Capacity: 20-150 people – our system supports up 250 people out of the box. Several thousands – on request
Update rate: “real time” – our system supports typ. 1-8Hz (location updates per second per person)
Battery lifetime: at least one shift (8-12h) – our system supports typ. 72h for the mobile beacon. Regular USB charger
Tracking warehouse workers
Jacket + Helmet - live tracking over 100m
Precise tracking of visitor in Cinema Museum
Recommended configurations for people tracking and navigation
1) Choose the Inverse Architecture (IA). In this architecture stationary beacons emit ultrasound and mobile beacons receive ultrasound. As a result, stationary beacons must have different frequencies in each submap. See more in Architectures comparison.
2)  Choose the mobile beacons suitable for your particular application and environment:
Jacket, Helmet, Cap, Headlight – industrial
Cap – assembly plants
Badge – office, exhibition, museum
Watch – only for wrist tracking – not suitable for people tracking
3) Select the most suitable starter: https://marvelmind.com/products. Or create your own configuration from suitable products.
Basic configurations for easy start
Starter Set Super-MP-3D & proper mobile beacon for your needs
Overall, Starter Set Super-MP is the best and the safest choice, when you are not sure what to choose or what exact experiments you will run, but you want to have the easiest solution with the greatest flexibility and the greatest performance at the same time
Stationary beacons + modem:
https://marvelmind.com/product/starter-set-super-mp-3d/ – the main set. It may be sufficient for the very first experiments. Then, you could expand with additional Super-Beacons
https://marvelmind.com/product/super-beacon/ – additional mobile or stationary beacons for expansion. Switching between the mode is just a click in the Dashboard
Mobile beacons:
Jacket
Helmet
Headlight
Cap
Badge
Jacket
Use Marvelmind Jacket when you can use Marvelmind Helmet or Headlight or Cap.
Jacket has two microphones – on the left shoulder and on the right. It is done in order to prevent the worker’s head or neck creating a non-line of sight situation to the stationary beacons around.
https://marvelmind.com/product/jacket
Helmet
Use Marvelmind Cap for serious industrial applications, when workers needs to have a head protection.
https://marvelmind.com/product/helmet
Cap
Use Marvelmind Cap for light industrial applications, when workers needs to have a head protection, but Helmet is not an option.
https://marvelmind.com/product/cap
Badge
Use Marvelmind Badge for light industrial or office or museum/exhibition applications.
Badge has two double-microphones around user’s the neck and a full-size antenna in its lace. It secures robust performance in non-line of sight situations caused by the user’s head or neck.
https://marvelmind.com/product/badge
Headlight
Use Marvelmind Headlight for heavy-duty industrial applications. As compared with Helmet it has:
Room for external optional batteries on the back of the head – up 5-7 times longer working time than with the embedded battery only
Additional microphones – to provide robust coverage when the person wearing the Headlight provides a non-line of sight situation with the tip of the Helmet
Headlight can be installed on certified helmets that can’t be modified, i.e. when Marvelmind Helmet cannot be used
https://marvelmind.com/product/headlight
Advanced configurations
After you have done basic tests and familiarized yourself with the system, it is time to move to real-case assessment and considerations. And there are several questions that shall be asked and answered in order to build an optimal system for your specific application and requirements.
Indoor or outdoor?
The only difference between indoor and outdoor is in protection against dust and moisture. Otherwise, the system can work indoor and outdoor equally well.
When we refer to outdoor, it doesn’t necessarily mean real outdoor. It can be indoor or underground or anywhere, where conditions are different from typical office-like conditions for which the indoor version is designed.
Power supply?
Power supply for stationary beacons can be an issue, because of costs associated with running the electricity to the stationary beacons can be high, particularly, if not planning it in advance.
We always recommend fixed power supply as the primary choice, because it gives peace of mind. However, large external battery is a viable option too.
If anything is unclear, just send us email to info@marvelmind.com
CONTACTS
Marvelmind OÜ
Ahtri tn 12
Tallinn, 10151
Estonia
Phone: +1 (650) 843-9243
Phone: +372 712 4277
Email: info@marvelmind.com
COMMON
Indoor “GPS” presentation
Demo videos and tutorials
Robot v100
Pricelist
Distributors
GET STARTED
Operating Manual
Placement Manual
Architectures Comparison
FAQ / Forum
Drones page
Marvelmind List
DOWNLOADS
Marvelmind SW pack
Marvelmind interfaces
PixHawk Integration Manual
OTHER
About us
Payment methods
Shipment
Warranty
Help
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read More