https://www.intermodalics.eu/indoor-positioning
 FULL 6D POSITION AND ORIENTATION
We augment your solution with real-time location information
ACCURATE
cm-range relative accuracy

5cm to 30cm absolute accuracy

position + orientation
OPEN INTERFACE
easy REST API to rovers

no need for permanent Wifi

multi-rover tracking
AFFORDABLE
no beacon or anchor costs

learns & maps on the fly

highly scalable
Our visual RTLS allows for integration into your application or indoor/outdoor positioning platform, and does not require your customer to invest in antenna or beacon infrastructure. 
As a software provider, Intermodalics allows you to work with 3rd party sensor sets (camera + IMU) to integrate into your product offering and allows you to get position information such that you can focus on the application logic.
Our software takes care of the learning & mapping process, real-time location calculations, device management and map updating.
FOR - LOGISTICS
Learn more about indoor positioning for logistics :
LEARN MORE
LOCALIZATION
Accurately track your position
Locate with respect to a reference map
MAPPING
Ease of use with on the fly reference map creation
Overlay with a floor plan or annotate maps
manually or based on database information
Share maps across devices
Extend and update maps
Position tracking in a low-light environment.
Large scale map creation & updates (picture scale: supermarket size).
Integration support
Visual positioning offers the flexibility to work with your specific application.  We offer the integration support with your tracking platform, WMS solution or customer application and help you choose the best sensor set.
Typical Applications
Visual Positioning is best fit for battery-operated assets that get daily charged: mobile robots, indoor vehicles or electrified carts and trolleys. 
INDOOR VEHICLE POSITION TRACKING
OR NAVIGATION
BARCODE SCANNER WITH 3D POSITON INFORMATION
Get in touch… get started with Visual Positioning !
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email *
Company Name *
Message *
We typically reply to your question within 1 business day.
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.