https://www.intermodalics.eu/what-we-do
 WHAT WE DO
Since 2010, Intermodalics is developing software capabilities for autonomous and intelligent systems. Our customers are high-tech companies, start-ups and research institutes world-wide.
 ROBOTICS
Today, most robots are not aware of what’s happening around them. They can’t see who or what’s nearby and fail to detect or respond to changes in the environment. We add awareness and decision-making capabilities which enable robots to operate more autonomously.
DIGITAL INTELLIGENCE
Our customers are looking for ways to give meaning to their data. With sensors becoming ubiquitous, and providing a continuous stream of data, they need systems that can process and take actions on that data.  We create intelligent software that gives us meaningful data:  find out where things and people are, and support them in getting better together.
VISUAL POSITIONING SOLUTIONS
Using a small camera, our VPS software learns your environment and knows its position and orientation in that environment. We augment existing infrastructure and assets with position information and integrate it with the internet-of-things.
MARKETS AND APPLICATIONS - SOME EXAMPLES OF OUR WORK
AUGMENTED REALITY
We supported the Project Tango team to track the 3D motion of a mobile device using it's own camera's (VIO). Applications are 3D modeling, indoor navigation and augmented reality.
ROBOTIC SHELF INSPECTION AND PICKING
We assist our customers in scanning, taking inventory and picking from shelves in warehouses and shops.
SAFE POWERED PYLON INSPECTIONS
Together with our research partners,  KU Leuven and UGent, we performed drone missions to safely inspect the insulation of powered electricity pylons of Belgium's grid operator Elia.
SUPPORTING SPACE MISSIONS
For over five years, we support the USA space agency NASA at Goddard Space Flight Centre, Greenbelt, Maryland. Intermodalics supports the NASA Robotics Demonstration and Test team of Goddard Satellite Servicing Projects Division on-site and off-site with designing and upgrading their robotic technology software.
DEEP LEARNING
Deep Learning offers the most scalable and reliable solution to date for object detection and classification in images. Our team is highly qualified for dataset generation, designing convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures and network training.
INDOOR LOCALISATION AND STOCK COUNTING
We developed for logistics service provider H.Essers a vision based indoor positioning system and stock counting solution to enable automated guided vehicles (AGV) to autonomously localise pallets in a warehouse and to compare the information with the stock in a warehouse management system (WMS). 
TANGO ROS STREAMER
We created an Android App which streams Tango VIO and 3D scanning data to ROS ! The app and code are freely available for download in the Play Store and Github. More information can be found on the ROS wiki page.
GET IN CONTACT
Share with us your ideas! Fill out the form below and we will get back to you.
Name *
First Name
Last Name
Email Address *
Your interest *
Your idea *
© Intermodalics 2022
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.