https://www.cookiebot.com
 Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
































Deny
Customize
Allow all
Powered by Cookiebot by Usercentrics
COOKIEBOT CMP HELPS MAKE YOUR USE OF COOKIES AND ONLINE TRACKING COMPLIANT.
Is my website compliant?
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to all websites with users from the EU. Check if your website’s use of cookies and online tracking is compliant with GDPR and the ePrivacy Directive (ePR).
See what data your website collects and shares with 3rd parties – also useful for CCPA compliance (California Consumer Privacy Act).
Check my website
FEATURED IN
PROTECTING PRIVACY
The Internet has changed. Today, a trillion-dollar data economy is driving user data
harvesting at an unprecedented scale.
Cookiebot consent management platform (CMP) provides transparency and control over all the
cookies and similar tracking on your website.
Build trust with your website users while living up to current data protection legislations and
avoid potential non-compliance fines.
Compliance made easy
Protecting privacy needs to be an integrated part of each individual website.
Cookiebot CMP brings this vision to life with three, fully automatic core functions that are easy to implement: cookie consent, cookie monitoring and cookie control.
Cookiebot CMP enables true compliance with privacy legislations through respectful and transparent data exchange, based on consent between end-users and the websites they visit.
TRY FOR FREE TODAY
Cookie consent
Cookie consent Customized user consent for your website. Full compliance with GDPR, ePR and CCPA.
Cookie monitoring
Automated scan to monitor and report all types of cookies and similar tracking on your website.
Cookie control
Automatic blocking of all first- and third-party cookies on your website until consent is given.
THE MOST USED SOLUTION FOR COMPLIANT USE OF COOKIES AND ONLINE TRACKING
Used on
500,000+
Websites
Manages
13 billion
User consents
Supports
40+
Different languages
Our latest articles on all things privacy
New cookie banners from Cookiebot CMP | Easiest end-user consent online | Automatic compliance
A brand-new generation of cookie banners from Cookiebot consent management platform (CMP) is here to make end-user consent on your website easier and more flexible than ever before. Modern, customizable and built for optimized usability and higher conversion rates, the new cookie banners from Cookiebot CMP fits any website and offers you automatic compliance with all major data privacy laws in the world. Balance data privacy and data-driven business on your website with the next generation of cookie consent banner from Cookiebot CMP.
LEARN MORE
Cookiebot CMP statement on preliminary ruling from Wiesbaden
The Wiesbaden preliminary ruling has been overturned. Following the preliminary ruling of the Wiesbaden Administrative Court of December 1, 2021, the appeals court Hessischer Verwaltungsgerichtshof, has agreed with the complaints submitted by Cookiebot CMP, and overturned the preliminary ruling. The injunction against the use of Cookiebot CMP on the Hochschule Rhein Main website has been annulled. This result is final and binding. We were concerned that this preliminary ruling was based on an inaccurate presentation of facts and therefore intervened in order to become a formal third party to proceedings. The decision from the appeals court confirms that there was no legal basis for an injunction on the use of Cookiebot CMP on the website in question, and that this preliminary ruling was invalid.
LEARN MORE
Cookiebot CMP uncovers GDPR violations on popular EU pharmacy webshops
89% of the 150 most popular pharmacy webshops in the EU fail GDPR compliance by allowing sensitive personal data to be tracked by third parties without end-user consent, when customers browse and buy pharmaceutical products for their mental and physical health. Using the unique scanning technology at the heart of the Cookiebot consent management platform (CMP), a new special report by Usercentrics uncovers worrying GDPR compliance violations across a privacy-sensitive online industry in the EU. In this blogpost, find a link to download the full report and learn more about how Cookiebot CMP can help you balance data privacy and data-driven business for higher customer trust.
LEARN MORE
Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today
TRY FOR FREE
©2022 Cookiebot. All rights reserved. Cookiebot is a trademark of Usercentrics A/S. Usercentrics A/S is registered in Denmark. Company reg. no.: 34624607.
Blog
Cookie Declaration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About
Resellers
Language:
EN
Currency:
Euro - €
Follow us