https://www.terabee.com/legal-mentions
 We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Cookie Policy
Accept all
Reject all
Preferences
SUPPORT
ACCOUNT
A15F1D8D-51DD-4967-B6FD-6F6B78B52BA3 Created with sketchtool.
PRODUCTS
BLOG
CAREERS
ABOUT
CONTACT
Legal mentions
Privacy Policy
Terabee SAS (“Terabee”). is committed to the protection of personal data and seeks to provide a safe and secure user experience. Terabee will use its best efforts to ensure that the information received or gathered remains private, and is only used for the purposes set forth herein.
This page states the Terabee Privacy Policy (“Policy”) and sets forth the collection, use, and disclosure practices that apply to the Terabee Websites, Terabee Software Application, and Terabee Products (each as defined below). The Policy also incorporates by reference the Terabee Terms of Sale for Terabee Products. By purchasing Terabee Products or using  Terabee Websites and/or Terabee Software Application(s), you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Policy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it affects your rights and liabilities. Terabee collects and processes personal data only for what we believe are legitimate purposes as described in this Policy. If you disagree with the way we collect and process personal information, please no longer use the Terabee Websites, Terabee Software Application(s), or purchase Terabee Products.
You may also, at any time, in accordance with applicable law, request from Terabee, access to, correction or erasure of your personal data, as well as notify Terabee of your desire to be deleted from our mailing lists using the Terabee contact information set forth below.
DEFINITIONS
“Terabee Website(s)” or “Website(s)” mean any websites, web pages, and any subpages under Terabee’s control, whether partial or otherwise. This includes, but is not limited to, www.terabee.com, www.teraranger.com, any subpages, and the website from which these terms of use were accessed from. This also includes the contents of the Websites, which includes but is not limited to text, images, audio content, videos, designs, graphics, information, logos, downloadable content, software, and any other content found on the Websites.
“Terabee Product(s)” mean and refer to any products purchased from Terabee or through the Terabee Websites.
“Terabee Software Application(s)” or “App(s)” mean and refer to any software created and provided by Terabee for use with Terabee Products, such as Graphical User Interface software or application software.
“You,” “Your,” and “User” mean and refer to all individuals and/or entities who are accessing or using the Websites, App, or Terabee Products for any reason.
SCOPE
This Policy applies to the Website, Apps, and Terabee Products. This Policy regulates the processing of information relating to you.
The Website and Apps may contain links to other websites over which we have no control. Terabee is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such other websites. We also do not control the data use practices of employers and third party advertising networks.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal Information. Terabee collects general information about all of our users in aggregate when they use the App(s) or Website. Most of the information collected during the purchase and ordering process will be used to process orders. If You make purchases through the Website for Terabee Products, we do collect personal information provided to us. The personal information includes but is not limited to Your name, address, email, telephone number, credit card number, and other contact information. We also may acquire personal information from third parties who provide it to us.
Behavioral Information. Terabee may collect behavioral information regarding how You use the Website or App(s), the areas of the Websites You visit, what services You use, and information about Your computer hardware, software, or cellular phone. This includes but is not limited to Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, location, browser, access times, operating system, and referring website addresses. This information is used to analyze the use of resources, preventing fraud, troubleshooting, and also for improving our services. Terabee also may acquire behavioral information from third parties who provide it to us. Terabee may also personalize the advertising shown to You on the Websites, based on the information provided and collected.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Use by Terabee.
Terabee does not disclose personal information or other information related to Your visit to the Website or use of the App(s) to any third parties except as provided in this Policy. We use the information collected through the Website for responding to any inquiries, operating the Website or App(s), improving the Website or App(s), creating a positive user experience, and delivering any products and services offered to employers and job seekers. The information gathered and collected on the Website or App(s) may be shared internally at Terabee to deliver its products and services.
By using the Website and App(s), You have consented for us to use, without limitation to the following, Your information: (1) to contact You about Terabee Products and other updates, (2) to provide You with additional information and promotions, (3) to enable You to provide feedback and for us to respond to the feedback, (4) to conduct surveys, promotions, and contests, and to provide the results thereof, and (5) to generate internal reports.
Disclosure to Third Parties.
We may share Your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of Terabee Products and other services. Terabee may also disclose information to third parties employed by Terabee to perform functions on our behalf. We may also share aggregate anonymous information about visitors to the Website to various third parties. Terabee discloses information, if legally required to do so, or at our request pursuant to a request from a governmental entity. We may also disclose information if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect Your safety, protect the safety of others, or to investigate fraud. Terabee will not sell or rent any personal information to a third party for marketing purposes.
Successors.
We may disclose and/or transfer any information to a third party who acquires any or all of Terabee’s business and business units, whether such acquisition is by merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a substantial portion of Terabee’s assets. In addition, in the event Terabee becomes the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Terabee or its liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court.
ONLINE PAYMENTS
If You place any orders or make any payments online through the Websites, Your credit card information will be and is protected by encryption, such as with the Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) protocol. The SSL protocol makes it difficult for Your credit card information to be stolen or intercepted during transmission. Terabee also uses a service company to process its credit card transactions. You can see more information on this service company’s privacy and security practices here.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Updates.
If Terabee decides to make substantial and material changes or updates to the substance of the Policy, Terabee will post such changes through a prominent notice on the Website so that You will know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it.
Contact Information.
Your information, documents, and other data are submitted to Terabee’s servers. These servers are situated in Holland and maintained by Terabee, whose principal place of business is 90 Rue Henri Fabre, 01630 Saint-Genis-Pouilly, France. If You have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or believe that they have not been adhered to, please contact Terabee at the aforementioned address. Terabee will use reasonable efforts to answer any questions and resolve any problems.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All elements of the Website and App, whether visual or audio, texts, layouts, illustrations, photographs, drawings, logos, distinctive signs, documents and other elements, including the underlying technology, are the property of Terabee and are protected, either by copyright, or trademarks, designs and/or patents.
Droit d’auteur / Copyright
The Website and App and their respective contents, including but not exclusively limited to the drawings, images, photographs, videos, sound, articles, texts, are protected by copyright, neighboring rights and/or other intellectual property rights in accordance with intellectual property French law and other national laws and international treaties.
Terabee retains ownership of / has the right to use all the elements of the Website and App’s contents.
Any reproduction, representation, recording, diffusion, translation or adaptation, of all or part of the elements of the Website and App’s contents, in any form and by any means whatsoever, is strictly prohibited without Terabee’s prior consent.
Trademarks
The trademark “TERABEE” and  (hereinafter “the Trademarks”) have been filed in the following territories: Canada, China, European Union, France, Japan, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, United-Kingdom and United-States.
The Trademarks are duly registered in China, European Union, France, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, United-Kingdom and United-States.
The Trademarks are also protected through common law rights.
Any use in the course of trade of a sign identical or similar to the Trademarks for identical or similar goods or services in any of the above mentioned territories where the trademarks have been filed is strictly prohibited without Terabee’s prior consent.
Designs
Terabee’s products as well as the drawings presented on the Website and App may be protected by design rights (hereinafter “the Design(s)”).
The manufacturing, offering, placing on the market, import, export, use or possession for the aforementioned purposes of the Design or products incorporating the Design is strictly prohibited without Terabee’s prior consent.
Patents
Terabee’s products presented on the Website and App may be protected by patent rights (hereinafter “the Patent(s)”).
The manufacturing, offering, placing on the market, import, export, use or possession for the aforementioned purposes of the product covered by the Patent or of the product obtained directly by the process covered by the Patent is strictly prohibited without Terabee’s prior consent.
In addition, Terabee retains ownership of all intellectual property rights to photographs, presentations, studies, drawings, models, prototypes, etc., made (even at the request of the Customer) for the purpose of providing the services to the Customer. The Customer shall therefore refrain from reproducing or exploiting said studies, drawings, models and prototypes, etc., without the express, written and prior authorization of Terabee, which may be conditional on a financial consideration.
MISCELLANEOUS
Safe Harbor.
Terabee complies with legislation applicable to the retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file stored, often temporarily, on Your computer’s memory or placed on Your hard drive by a Webpage server. Cookies allow Terabee to retrieve the information previously provided, so that You can easily use the features that You customized. Cookies allow for faster, more accurate, and more personalized results. Terabee may use cookies, both session and persistent, to help personalize and maximize Your experience in using the Website and App(s). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies at any time by modifying Your Internet browser settings. We have no access or control over third-party cookies.
Page Tags and Web Beacons.
The Website may utilize electronic images called page tags (or web beacons, clear gifs, action tags, single-pixel gifs) that allow Terabee to collect webpage usage information. These page tags are not used to access or collect personal information, but rather to inform us what content is effective. Page tags are techniques to compile aggregate statistics about webpage usage to improve the effectiveness of our services and advertisements. The information collected by the page tags may be shared with third parties for processing, so that they can understand the kinds of visitors to the websites and how those visitors use the webpages. Page tags may be rendered ineffective by changing the cookie setup options in your Internet Browser.
JavaScript.
JavaScript is a script or programming language that enhances the functionality of websites, often for pictures. Terabee does not collect personal data via Javascript, and it can be deactivated via the user’s Internet browser settings.
Headings.
Headings provided in this Policy are included for reference purposes only and are not to be given any substantive effect.
Effective Date. These Terms are effective since 13th March 2014 and are reconfirmed as of March 25, 2018, when the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation became effective.
If there are any questions regarding Terabee or this Policy, please contact Terabee at:
Terabee
90 Rue Henri Fabre
01630 Saint-Genis-Pouilly
France
Email: support@teraranger.com
Terabee © 2022. All Rights Reserved.
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to receive our latest news!
E52ED6C9-64AA-414E-8201-25E8549121E0 Created with sketchtool.
You’re email address
FAQ
Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool.
13508704-E26C-4E65-AD2C-6770035EB459 Created with sketchtool.
Terabee has performed years of joint projects with CERN on leading-edge physics for sensor-based solutions and is the first company supported by Innogex, the French Business Incubation Centre of CERN Technologies.
This company has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 850014
© Terabee, all rights reserved | Legal mentions | Terms & conditions
Developed with passion by Habefast
CONTACT NOW
0