https://www.terabee.com/faq
 We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Cookie Policy
Accept all
Reject all
Preferences
SUPPORT
ACCOUNT
A15F1D8D-51DD-4967-B6FD-6F6B78B52BA3 Created with sketchtool.
PRODUCTS
BLOG
CAREERS
ABOUT
CONTACT
FAQ
ENVIRONMENT/CONDITIONS OF USE
If the scene is bright, but the object I am trying to sense is shaded from the sun light, would your sensors register this better?
In this situation, the sensor will behave correctly. You should be able to get consistent readings from the sensor, unless the reflectivity of the target is very low.
If the scene is bright, but the object I am trying to sense in the narrow beam of the sensor is less reflective, would it register this better, regardless of the brightness of the rest of the scene?
Tthe sensor range and measurements capability will vary depending on the measured range, the external light conditions and the target reflectivity. The further the range, the harder it will become for the sensor’s emitted signal to do the round trip because it is less and less focused. The more you raise the ambient light, the harder it will be for the sensor to beat the external interferences. The less reflective the target, the more the emitted signal will be absorbed and thus, harder to identify. In this situation if the target has a low reflectivity and is exposed to a bright light, it will definitively reduce the sensor’s performances and risks oversaturating it.
Does the sensor adjust it’s exposure to cater for the brightness of the scene it is looking at, like an iris would in a camera lens?
Yes. Depending on the measured range, the light conditions and the target’s reflectivity, the sensor will change its ‘exposition time’. All this is perfectly handled automatically by the sensor thanks to its factory calibration.
My sensor is not working outdoors on a bright day; is it because it was overloaded with light and therefore ‘clipping’?
Yes, in this situation the sensor gets lots of interferences from the sun that are reflected on the target. If you took a picture with a photo camera with strong sunlight, at some point, the picture would be overexposed (very bright) and you could not clearly distinguish the details. Even though we calibrate our sensors, it is difficult to replicate the power of the sun in the infrared wavelength and unfortunately this is one of the limits of infrared LED technology.
Can we enclose your Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensor modules or fit them behind a cover?
It is possible, but you need to take some factors into account. You will need to use a material that will allow the wavelength of light emitted by the sensors to passthrough unhindered. You will also need to give some consideration to the housing to ensure that emitted light is not reflected back into the receiver by the glass or cover material. If you have an OEM or higher volume requirement, we can work with you to assist you with the integration. Please contact us for further discussion.
What happens if there are two obstacles in the Field of View?
Our ToF sensor modules deal with multiple targets by averaging the distance between the objects. The average is weighted according to the object emitting the strongest return signal. In the majority of cases, this will likely correlate to the largest object. It could also relate to surface reflectivity relative to the other objects. To discuss your specific application please contact us.
Which surfaces are hard to detect for Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensors modules?
Our ToF sensor modules emit and receive infrared light. They work very well on most surface types and in a wide range of conditions.
For all active ToF sensors, a highly light absorbing material will absorb some of the emitted light and result in a weaker return signal. A weaker return signal may reduce the maximum attainable range, update rate or reading accuracy. Highly reflective surfaces usually return a strong signal, but in some cases, the light can be reflected off at an angle and also result in a weaker return signal. Ultimately we always advise you to test sensors for the specific applications and conditions you have in mind. To discuss your specific application please contact us.
Can your Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensor modules handle vibrations?
Our ToF sensor modules have been mounted on drones, robots and in many other applications where they were subject to vibrations. The sensor modules continue to function according to the specification where vibrations experienced were within reasonable limits and to date none of our sensors have been returned due to vibration damage.
Do your Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensor modules work underwater?
Underwater environments represent a challenge for optical-based sensors. There are many variables and the only way to know if they might meet your requirements is to test them. Generally, seawater will quickly absorb the infrared light emitted by ToF sensors, so range will certainly be compromised.
Our ToF sensors are not waterproof and would need to be integrated within a waterproof housing and that alone needs careful consideration. If you have a high volume application, we can potentially work with you on a project basis to build a suitable solution which may be based on optical or other technologies. If this is the case, and you are looking for a development partner, please contact us.
Do your Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensor modules detect water surfaces?
Yes, we have tested our sensor modules over water and they detect its surface; customer tests have also confirmed this. Results may vary depending on the type of water (clear, or with waves and foam, etc) and we always recommend performing a test for your specific application and conditions.
You can expect the sensor module to read the surface when the water is not perfectly transparent and still.
Do your Time-of-Flight (ToF) based products work at night or in the dark?
Yes. Our ToF sensor modules are ‘active’, meaning that they emit and receive their own light pulses.  This means our sensor modules work very well in dark conditions.
Are your sensors good for drone-based applications?
We actually started out as a drone services provider and the sensors were initially conceived for drone use, so it’s an application we know very well. We have many customers using TeraRanger sensors to complement drone vision systems.
You can use the TeraRanger Tower Evo for collision avoidance purposes. You may also use the TeraRanger Evo 60m or TeraRanger One as a precision altimeter for stable altitude hold, terrain following and auto landings. For more information please read our use case on the subject.
Do your Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensors work in rain, fog or snow?
Rain, fog, and snow can all affect optical sensing devices. The final performance of the sensors will depend on the intensity of the environmental conditions. We recommend that you conduct your own testing with a sample sensor to check if it suits your specific environment and operating conditions.
Does your technology work outdoors?
The answer depends on which product you intend to buy. You will find a link in the downloads section to each product’s user manual in the downloads section of each product page.
PURCHASING PROCESS
APPLICATION & TECH SPECIFIC INQUIRIES
SAFETY/STANDARD/CERTIFICATION
SOLUTIONS
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to receive our latest news!
E52ED6C9-64AA-414E-8201-25E8549121E0 Created with sketchtool.
You’re email address
FAQ
Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool.
13508704-E26C-4E65-AD2C-6770035EB459 Created with sketchtool.
Terabee has performed years of joint projects with CERN on leading-edge physics for sensor-based solutions and is the first company supported by Innogex, the French Business Incubation Centre of CERN Technologies.
This company has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 850014
© Terabee, all rights reserved | Legal mentions | Terms & conditions
Developed with passion by Habefast
CONTACT NOW
0