https://www.terabee.com/#popup_contact
 We use cookies to optimize our website and our service. Cookie Policy
Accept all
Reject all
Preferences
SUPPORT
ACCOUNT
A15F1D8D-51DD-4967-B6FD-6F6B78B52BA3 Created with sketchtool.
PRODUCTS
BLOG
CAREERS
ABOUT
CONTACT
Intelligent 3D sensing devices and solutions to enable your digital transformation
Terabee are leaders in Time-of-Flight sensing. Sensor modules, embedded software, and ready-to-deploy solutions for systems integrators, make Terabee the partner of choice for LiDAR, 3D depth sensing, low-resolution thermal imaging and radiofrequency positioning systems.
WHAT'S YOUR APPLICATION?
People counting
Discreet, compact and easy-to-install people counting hardware, for easy integration into smart building solutions, with 98%+ counting accuracy
LEARN MORE
Level monitoring
Digitize your silos and tanks using non-contact, light based IoT level devices
LEARN MORE
Industrial automation
Robust, low-cost, industrial-grade 3D cameras, thermal cameras and mobile robots positioning systems
LEARN MORE
Sensor modules
Ready-to-integrate micro thermal cameras, ToF distance sensors and 3D cameras, to create motion, depth and temperature sensing applications
LEARN MORE
TRUSTED BY THE WORLD’S BEST
Developing leading-edge sensing solutions for some of the world's largest brands
123456789
IN THEIR OWN WORDS...DISCOVER TERABEE CUSTOMER STORIES
Terabee collaboration helps Husense develop prize winning smart building technology solution
“The speed at which we have been able to take our solution to market is very much down to the hard work and commitment of Terabee’s team.” Michael de By, Managing Director, Husense
See customer story
Real time level monitoring for Nan-Ho Cooperative Farm, Taiwan
“Thanks to Terabee we can now monitor the levels in our silos in real-time and with precision accuracy...the system offers superb value as it is extremely competitively priced.” Wu Chenen, Managing Director, Nan-Ho Cooperative Farm
See customer story
Water level monitoring solution for Blue Planet Ecosystems
“We have valued the support we have received from the Terabee team. Going forward we’d like to explore the use of Terabee’s Time of Flight sensors.” Cecile Deterre, Data Scientist, Blue Planet Ecosystems
See customer story
WORK WITH US TO OVERCOME YOUR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION CHALLENGES
Let’s talk!
Have questions, or want help? Complete the form and a Terabee expert will contact you.
NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to receive our latest news!
E52ED6C9-64AA-414E-8201-25E8549121E0 Created with sketchtool.
You’re email address
FAQ
Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool. Created with sketchtool.
13508704-E26C-4E65-AD2C-6770035EB459 Created with sketchtool.
Terabee has performed years of joint projects with CERN on leading-edge physics for sensor-based solutions and is the first company supported by Innogex, the French Business Incubation Centre of CERN Technologies.
This company has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 850014
© Terabee, all rights reserved | Legal mentions | Terms & conditions
Developed with passion by Habefast
CONTACT NOW
0
Husense, a smart building and smart retail solutions provider, selected and incorporated Terabee’s Time-of-Flight (ToF) People Counting L-XL technology into its prize winning solutions.
“The technology appeared to be the perfect fit for our platform and requirements and the team was incredibly enthusiastic and helpful. Their engineers worked extremely hard and very proactively to help integrate its people counting technology with our platform and as a result we have been able to quickly launch our solution within retail and hospitality and the business sector.”
Michael de By, Husense’s Managing Director
HOW CAN WE HELP?
We speak many languages and love working internationally. Reach out and a business representative will get back to you swiftly.