https://www.photoneo.com/depalletization
 ENGLISH
About
Products
Solutions
Support & Downloads
Contact
We're hiring
34
HOME Depalletization
Depalletization
Robots unloading pallets - the next revolution in logistics
The depalletization solution can be fully automatic or semi-automatic. It all starts with a pallet loaded with boxes being placed inside of the range of the robot. This can be done either manually or automatically, depending on the features of the depalletization line. The 3D vision device (PhoXi 3D Scanner) then performs a scan of the pallet and transfers the scan into a 3D texture data set. The advantage of this is that this way the data set is not influenced by light conditions and it can be used for a flawless recreation of the boxes shapes.
Read more Watch the Webinar
99,7% accuracy of picking
UNIVERSAL DEPALLETIZATION
Boxes do not have to be stacked in a pattern and you can use any type of pallet
WORKS OUT OF THE BOX
Algorithm tested & recognizes more than 5000 types of boxes.
SPEED OF BOX TRANSFER
We can effectively depalletize the entire pallet of approximately 1000 boxes in 1 hour
NO HUMAN ERROR OR FATIGUE
Robots are able to work 24/7/365 without tiring and need of human interaction
NO BACK PAIN FROM LIFTING HEAVY OBJECTS
With proper robot and gripper you can pick up to 50 kg
REDUCTION OF OPERATIONAL COSTS
With this smart automation you do not need to pay monthly expenses connected to workers. All you do is keep the boxes coming and robot does the rest
CONSISTENCY
We guarantee more than 99.7 % pick rate achieved over the implementation. The remaining small 0.3% are diminished over time thanks to the machine learning algorithm that recognizes uncharacteristic boxes and learns how to pick them
KNOWLEDGE HUNGRY
The most intelligent depalletization equipped with algorithm that is able to continuously learn and recognize new boxes.
AI Inside
Type of pallet does not matter, we can work with any
Algorithm worked with more than 5000 types of boxes, and it remembers them all
No patterns - more fun! Do not stack your boxes we can work with them
Constant learning - each box that the algorithm sees is remembered for the next time
Consult your case
Download PDF flyer
OUR COMPANY
About us
Mission, vision & values
Use Cases
Testimonials
Support
Blog
News
Career
Privacy policy
PRODUCTS
PhoXi 3D Scanner
Bin Picking
MotionCam-3D
PhoXi 3D Meshing
Scanning software
SOLUTIONS
Automated warehouse
Automated Piece Picking
Depalletization
Singulator
Smart factory
Bin Picking
Packaging
Machine Loading
GET IN TOUCH
Copyright @ 2022 Photoneo s.r.o. Webdesign & development
I want to know more