https://www.kudan.io/overview
 About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
EN
Kudan has been providing proprietary Artificial Perception technologies based on SLAM to enable use cases with significant market potential and impact on our lives such as autonomous driving, robotics, AR/VR and smart cities
History
Born global
Our Vision
Provide eyes for all future machines
Kudan has aspired to be an irreplaceable provider of eyes for all future machines and devices, disrupting both industrial landscapes and consumer lives. Our technology provides a critical component for these systems, enabling machines to perceive the world.
What we offer
Artificial Perception (AP) algorithm for multiple critical future technologies
Kudan has accelerated the evolution of multiple disruptive technologies such as AR/VR, autonomous driving, robotics, and smart cities, by developing computer software algorithms classified as Artificial Perception (AP).
Over the years, Artificial Intelligence (AI) has become the backbone technology as the brain for machines, however, it only consists of functionality for learning semantic information. Current machines are extending their capabilities from closed virtual worlds to the real-world, which requires instinctive spatial understanding.
We are working to fill in this missing piece by developing AP algorithms that are the machine equivalent of human eyes. With the combination of AP and AI, machines are getting closer to sensing and interacting with the world like humans do, utilizing both the eyes and the brain.
Localization and mapping software based on SLAM
We offer commercial-grade localization and mapping software based on a technology called SLAM (Simultaneous localization and mapping). This technology enables machines and devices to understand where they are, how they are moving and the structure of their environment. Perception of their surroundings is a critical ability for machines and ultimately autonomous decisions will depend on the quality of this information.
Company Overview
Company Name Kudan Inc.
Establishment November 19, 2014
Stock Listing Tokyo Stock Exchange Growth Market (Security Code: 4425)
Board Members Managing Director & CEO：Daiu Ko
Managing Director：Tomo Ohno
Director ：Ken Iizuka
External Director：Yusuke Shibata
External Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member：Shinichi Misawa
External Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member：Takayuki Murai
External Director, Audit & Supervisory Committee Member：Hisanori Oguri
Capital 747 million JPY (as of December 31, 2021)
Company Business R&D and provision of algorithms and embedded technologies for Artificial Perception
Headquarter 2-10-15 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku Tokyo, 150-0002, Japan
Group Company Kudan Limited（Bristol, England )
Kudan USA LLC (California, USA)
Kudan Vision Inc. (Tokyo, Japan)
Artisense Corporation (California, USA)
Artisense GmbH (Munich, Germany)
About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
JP
EN
Follow Us
© Kudan. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT