https://www.ti.com/microcontrollers-mcus-processors/edge-ai.html
 Login / Register
Regional preferences
To view this page, you must select your ship to region and currency in the Regional preferences menu on the right. Click OK to proceed.
TI.com pages are translated to a limited number of other languages. You will receive a notification if a page is not available in your selected language.
Menu
Language
My cart
Home
Microcontrollers (MCUs) & processors
Edge AI
Embedded artificial intelligence
View all products
Practical embedded processing solutions for edge AI
Get the most out of your designs with high-performance computer vision, sensor fusion and AI processing with easily-programmable hardware accelerators. Design fast with Python, TensorFlow Lite, ONNX Runtime, TVM, GStreamer, Docker and ROS. Go to market in less time with production-ready solutions from the TI Edge AI ecosystem. 
Bring smart cameras, robots and intelligent machines to life
Upgrade your workspace with an 8 TOPS processor starter kit for AI vision and sensor fusion applications. Then explore software demos to find inspiration for your next project.
Explore smart camera projects
Image classification
Object detection
Semantic segmentation
Simultaneous multiple inference
Explore autonomous machine and robot projects
3D sensing with stereo cameras for human-like perception
Environmental awareness using deep learning
3D obstacle detection using computer vision and deep learning
Deep learning-based visual localization
Get started today
8 TOPS edge AI starter kit, software demos, cloud development tools and TI Edge AI Academy— all for $249
EVALUATION BOARD
TDA4VM processor starter kit for Edge AI vision systems
Bring smart cameras, robots and intelligent machines to life with the TDA4VM processor starter kit. With a fast setup process and an assortment of foundational demos and tutorials, you can start prototyping a vision-based application in less than an hour. The kit enables 8 TOPS of deep learning (...)
Design fast with industry-standard APIs
Easily deploy AI models and accelerate deep learning, imaging, vision and multimedia functions with Python, TensorFlow Lite, ONNX Runtime, TVM, GStreamer, Docker, ROS and other industry standard APIs.
Lower-level software tools and middleware simplify development by automatically accelerating imaging, vision, multimedia and AI functions, so you can design fast. 
  Learn more
Add embedded intelligence with superior deep learning inference
TDA4x processors enable some of the highest fixed-point embedded deep learning inference per TOPS in the industry.
Reduce system power and cost with highly-integrated TDA4x processors
Deep learning accelerator
A matrix multiplication accelerator on a programmable DSP enables 4K 8-bit and 2K 16-bit fixed multiply accumulate per cycle and power efficiency (fps/watt) that rivals the best in the industry.
Computer vision accelerators
Computationally intensive low-level brute-force pixel processing tasks are offloaded to power-efficient hardware accelerators, enabling smaller system footprints and simplified power designs.
Smart memory & bus architecture
A high-bandwidth bus interconnect with a nonblocking infrastructure and large internal memory reduces DDR instances and increases system throughput and power savings.
Functional safety & security
Functional Safety-Compliant processors with integrated MCUs help you achieve certifications up to SIL-3, and integrated security features help you reduce system size and cost.
Designing an efficient Edge AI system with highly integrated processors
Efficient hardware acceleration for imaging, vision, multimedia and deep learning enable commercially viable edge AI systems optimized for performance, power, size, weight and cost. 
View whitepaper
Buy an elite production-ready processor for your design
TDA4x processors enable one of the highest fixed-point embedded deep learning inference capabilities in the industry.
TDA4VM
ARM-BASED PROCESSORS
TDA4VM
NEW
ACTIVE
This product has been released to the market and is available for purchase. For some products, newer alternatives may be available.
Dual Arm® Cortex®-A72, C7x DSP, and deep learning, vision and multimedia accelerators
Go to market in less time with the TI Edge AI ecosystem
Vendor
Specialization
Services
Phytec System-on-module (SOM) Learn more
Allied Vision Camera and sensor Learn more
D3 Engineering Camera, radar, sensor fusion, hardware, drivers and firmware Learn more
Ignitarium AI services and robotics Learn more
RidgeRun Linux development, Gstreamer plugins and AI applications Learn more
Kudan Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) Learn more
Amazon Web Services Cloud services for machine learning, model management and IoT Learn more