https://www.adlinktech.com/en/ROS2-Solution
 Language English
Inquiry List(0)
Login Register
Products
Industries
Contact & Support
About
Home
ROS 2 Solution
Synchronizing the
Perception and Localization
of Autonomous Mobile Robots
Contact Us
New Era AI Robotic Inc. Managed to Develop AMRs Dedicated to the Medical Profession in Conjunction with Intel and ADLINK
Learn More
ADLINK Technology Powers the University of Hawaii Autonomous Racing Team
Learn More
How AUO Joined Hands with ADLINK
and Intel to Promote the Overall Evolution
of the Manufacturing Industry
Learn More
Why AMR?
The automated guided vehicle (AGV) market has become almost saturated but is now stagnated due to the difficulty of developing products for new applications. The next generation of AGV systems need to be smarter and have more flexibility. Autonomous mobile robots (AMR) will become prevalent in several vertical markets such as logistics, medical, agriculture and mining. As labor costs increase, more swarm robotic systems will be developed and deployed to perform repeated tasks.
Learn More
Why ADLINK’s ROS 2 Robotics Solutions
ADLINK robotics solutions allow users to develop complex robotic applications with minimal investment outlay, whereby they enjoy the benefits of various AI engines, development environments, flexible hardware systems, and evolving Data Distribution Service
Neuron SDK: ADLINK’s Powerful ROS 2 Development Kit
The ADLINK Neuron SDK, delivering powerful development capabilities, is fully compatible with both ROS and ROS 2, featuring an optimized environment providing full access to hundreds of open source robotic algorithms, achieving rapid development for faster time-to-market.
Learn More
Benefits
Simplified System Integration
Rich tool/module portfolios and ROS / ROS 2 compatible environment make it easy to integrate application requirements across multiple hardware, software package, and service types.
Reduced Total Cost of
Ownership (TCO)
End-to-end expenditure, from purchase to disposal, including expected costs of service, repair, and warranty can be decreased significantly.
Enhanced Communications
System-wide communications connect multiple devices via DDS.
ADLINK meets every user’s needs
Seeking speedy entry into the robotics-enabled market ADLINK provides:
ROScube-X
AI-based autonomous application
Powerful AI computing for intelligent robotics development
Learn More
ROScube Pico NX/NPN
SOM-based platform for rapid development of ROS and AI applications
Affordable solution for rapid development and deployment
Learn More
ROScube-I
Real-time robotics application
Real-time architecture for robotics development from mainstream to high end
Learn More
ROScube Pico TGL
Embedded Real-time Robotic Controller
Ruggedized, secure connectivity with locking USB ports
Learn More
Visit ADLINK ROS GitHub
Join the community to help develop your ROS 2 projects faster
Visit ADLINK ROS GitHub
Upcoming Events
Resources
Previous
Next
Partners
Company Overview
Mission & Vision
Social Responsibility
News & Events
Careers
IoT Careers
IoT Solutions
Contact Us
World Wide Offices
Where to Buy
Support
Catalyst Partner Portal
Partner Center
eRMA Service
RMA & Support – Healthcare
ADLINK DDS Support
Ask an Expert
Stay Connected
                SUBSCRIBE ADLINK NEWSLETTER
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Copyright © 2022 ADLINK Technology Inc. All Rights Reserved.