https://www.kudan.io/our_technology
 About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
EN
GrandSLAM, our localization and mapping software, has commercial grade performance and can exploit the full potential of a large number of sensors to bring value no-matter your configuration or use case.
Demo videos
  　　   　　 Demo videos available on our YouTube channel
GrandSLAM
Localization and mapping/ SLAM with all sensors for maximum performance
Accepts a wide range of sensor data such as camera, ToF, Lidar, IMU, GNSS, and wheel odometry. A camera or Lidar can currently be used as the primary sensor.
Provides commercial grade performance: High accuracy, low processing time, maximum robustness, huge map scalability, robust system stability, low integration complexity, cross-platform portability.
Unlocks the full potential of your system with significant performance gains against alternative approaches.
Sensor configuration freedom and incomparable performance on your hardware
Ultimate flexibility of sensor requirements and configuration, no need to use expensive or complex sensors.
Solution to the most critical multi-sensor system pain point, our technology can enable synchronization and calibration between all sensors.
Visual SLAM
Commercial grade, faster processing, lower memory, higher accuracy, and greater robustness
Kudan has extensively developed and tested its proprietary visual SLAM for use in a commercial setting.
Open source and other commercial algorithms struggle in many common use cases and scenarios.
KudanSLAM achieves much faster processing time, higher accuracy and more robustness in dynamic situations.
Reference datasets are available here (Dataset 1 – a visual sequence targeting indoor robots, Dataset 2 – a visual sequence targeting AR/VR)
Lidar SLAM
Overcome typical Lidar localization and mapping problems with higher accuracy, reduced map size, and lower latency
Leverages our deep expertise in visual SLAM to reach groundbreaking performance, including 1cm-level accuracy, and greater than 300x lighter map size over raw Lidar data.
Almost zero pose estimation latency when combining with an IMU.
Compatible with many different types of Lidar technology such as, spinning, solid state, and prizm based.
Ability to correct motion blur in the Lidar data stream while mapping resulting in sharper point clouds and improved post AI process such as object recognition
Reference dataset is available here
(Dataset – a dataset targeting autonomous driving, outdoor robotics: coming soon)
SLAM X AI
Artisense’s GN-net relocalization: AI-enabled (re)localization that is incredibly robust to scenery changes
Overcomes the challenge of how to localize a vehicle or machine when the scenery or conditions change over time.
Uses “deep-features” identified by AI for matching correct locations even when their appearance is different.
Map can be updated automatically to include any changes that are detected.
Tight coupling and Time synchronization
Integrate all the sensor information into one system rather than just “filtering” them with accurate time synchronization
Common sensor fusion approach is a “loose-coupling” of sensors, while Kudan and Artisense use “tight-coupling”.
The Kudan group has developed the only system that uses tight-coupling of all sensors including camera, Lidar, GNSS and IMU.
Problematic issues of proper time synchronization are solved with micro-second level synchronization between all sensors.
Unparalleled robustness and accuracy for a wide range of use cases.
Extrinsic calibration and motion blur correction
Enabling LiDAR OEMs and users to achieve better extrinsic calibrations and correct motion blur using our extensive computer vision capability leading to more accurate maps and improved recognition performance
Lack of accurate extrinsic calibrations and motion blur cause highly visible degradation to LiDAR point clouds in all applicable use cases.
Accurate localization and understanding of vehicle / machine ego-motion can provide better extrinsic calibrations between sensors and sharper point cloud maps even with high-speed movement or fast rotation.
Applicable to more than just SLAM, the improved calibration and point clouds are also applicable to image recognition, resulting in increased safety and system reliability.
Map handling
Practical functionality for large scale map management
Simple to use map handling such as loading, merging, splitting, saving, and unloading.
Multiple maps can be loaded to cover the same area, allowing unmatched performance against changing scenery.
Maps can be loaded and unloaded into Kudan software while running allowing for unlimited scale maps.
Processor and sensor optimization
Unprecedented speed and other performance gains at low power through processor and sensor optimization
Kudan has been proactively working with sensor and processor players to optimize KudanSLAM algorithms.
Provides unparalleled speed, robustness, accuracy and power consumption when combined with specific processors / sensors.
About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
JP
EN
Follow Us
© Kudan. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT