https://www.kudan.io/archives/1093
 About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
EN
Kudan and Artisense demonstrating its latest SLAM software at AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2022
04.14.2022
Share on
Drop by our booth (#1350) to learn about and see demonstrations of the latest SLAM software from Kudan and Artisense to power your unmanned and autonomous systems.
Kudan Inc. (headquartered in Shibuya-ku, Tokyo; CEO Daiu Ko, hereafter “Kudan”) along with its group company, Artisense Corp (hereafter “Artisense”) is pleased to announce that Kudan and Artisense will be exhibiting at AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2022 to showcase our portfolio of SLAM software products. Our portfolio of products covers the full range of camera-based and 3D lidar-based SLAM to meet the challenges of providing computer vision for unmanned and autonomous devices.
We will have interactive demonstrations with direct visual SLAM, feature-based visual SLAM, and lidar SLAM throughout the show, so come visit us to learn more about how Kudan and Artisense can elevate the performance of your autonomous mobile devices and robots.
Event details
Event: AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2022
Date: Monday, April 25 to Thursday, April 28, 2022
Location: Orange County Convention Center, Orlando Florida, USA
Booth: #1350
About Kudan Inc.
Kudan (Tokyo Stock Exchange securities code: 4425) is a deep tech research and development company specializing in algorithms for artificial perception (AP). As a complement to artificial intelligence (AI), AP functions allow machines to develop autonomy. Currently, Kudan is using its high-level technical innovation to explore business areas based on its own milestone models established for deep tech which provide wide-ranging impact on several major industrial fields.
For more information, please refer to Kudan’s website at https://www.kudan.io/.
■Company Details
Name: Kudan Inc.
Securities Code: 4425
Representative: CEO Daiu Ko
■For more details, please contact us from here.
Share on
Recent Posts
Showcasing Kudan’s Visual & 3D Lidar SLAM at AUVSI XPONENTIAL 2022
Press Release
05.20.2022
How to Select the Best 3D Lidar for SLAM
Blog
05.09.2022
Kudan 3D-Lidar SLAM (KdLidar) in action：Long narrow corridors
Press Release
05.02.2022
About Us
Our Technology
Use Cases / Solutions
News
IR Info.
Careers
Contact
JP
EN
Follow Us
© Kudan. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT