https://www.synopsys.com
 A New World of Innovation
Where Chips, Software and Their Intersection Are Keys to Success
The Future of Possibilities
There has been a fundamental shift in product development. Not merely a revolution in materials or design, but a revolution of possibilities. Thriving in a New World of Innovation defined by scale and systemic complexity depends on co-optimizing software and chips.
Discover More
Latest News and Updates
News
Synopsys Posts Financial Results for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022
News
Synopsys to Acquire WhiteHat Security from NTT
Report
Synopsys Named a Leader in the 2022 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Application Security Testing
1
2
3
Everything You Need to Enable Innovation from Chips to Software
  Silicon Design & Verification
#1 in Electronic Design Automation Solutions & Services
Silicon IP
#1 in Interface, Foundation, & Physical IP
Application Security
Global Leader in Application Security & Managing Software Risk
Achieve Your Unique Application Demands
Industries
|
Technologies
Automotive
Create & own your automotive innovation, from software to silicon.
HPC & Data Center
Accelerate development of AI, server, edge computing, networking & storage SoCs.
Aerospace & Defense
Automate mission-critical silicon, software & optics development.
Financial Services
Protect sensitive customer & financial data from security threats.
Optical
Industry-leading optical design, illumination design & photonic design software.
Memory
Shift left with the industry’s most complete, end-to-end development flow.
Mobile/5G
Meet speed, bandwidth & data demands for blazingly fast 5G chipsets.
Internet of Things
Address evolving requirements for processing power, energy & security.
Made in the Cloud!
Helping you understand the case for IC hardware development in the cloud
Download Paper →
Silicon Lifecycle Management
Making silicon visible through ongoing intelligent analysis & measurement
Download Paper →
2022 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Application Security Testing
Leader for the 6th year in a row
Download Report →
Expand Your Expertise
Deepen your knowledge by diving into our insightful reports and webinars.
Your Innovation, Your Community
For over 30 years, SNUG has connected users and technical experts to share best practices for tackling design and verification challenges. This year, SNUG Silicon Valley will once again be offered as a fully Virtual Experience. By attending SNUG, you will gain knowledge to use on current projects from the global community and discover ideas to spark future innovations.
Throughout the 2-day virtual experience, you will be able to attend industry-leading keynotes, special sessions and panels, and explore an expansive offering of technical tracks from users and Synopsys experts.
Explore SNUGView All Events
SNUG Silicon Valley 2022
A Virtual Experience
March 30 - 31, 2022
Thanks for attending!
Click below to access what you missed.




Access on-Demand
What We’re About
With the most advanced chip design, verification, IP integration, and software security and quality solutions, we’re driving a new era of innovation.
About Us
Our Commitment
We aim to influence positive social and environmental change across the world—from our employees and partners to our customers and beyond.
Sustainability
Join Us
Our employees’ passions spark our greatest ideas. Unlock your exciting future. Explore careers and make your mark in the world of Smart Everything with Synopsys.
Careers
Celebrating Inclusion and Diversity
Learn More
Popular Resources
SolvNetPlus
SNUG
Blogs
Events
1
2
Connect with Us
Reach Out Today
Corporate Headquarters
690 East Middlefield Road
Mountain View, CA 94043
Customer Support
650-584-5000
800-541-7737
Worldwide Location
View our office locations
Products
Application Security
Semiconductor IP
Verification
Design
Silicon Engineering
Resources
Solutions
Services
Support
Community
Manage Subscriptions
Corporate
About Us
Careers
CSR Report
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
Contact Us
Legal
Privacy
Trademarks & Brands
Software Integrity Agreements
©2022 Synopsys, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Follow