https://www.qualcomm.com
 Products
Support
Company
Qualcomm enables a world where everyone and everything can be intelligently connected.
As the world's leading wireless tech innovator, we push the boundaries of what's possible to enable next-gen experiences and drive digital transformation to help create a smarter, connected future for all. Our roadmap of breakthrough technologies expands our mobile innovations and solutions to support virtually every connected device. With our leadership in wireless connectivity, high-performance, low-power computing, and on-device AI, we’re powering the connected intelligent edge.
Learn More
Watch Cristiano Amon's Keynote at 5G Summit.
President and CEO, Cristiano Amon, shares his vision for advancing 5G to power the connected intelligent edge at this year's Qualcomm 5G Summit, one of the industry's leading 5G ecosystem events.
Watch now
Transforming industries, impacting society.
Our technology breakthroughs address some of the world’s biggest challenges by helping industries such as manufacturing, automotive, and education become smarter and more connected for the benefit of us all.
Join us in transforming industries
Accelerating intelligent automotive platforms.
The Snapdragon® Digital Chassis™ is our comprehensive set of cloud-connected automotive platforms, assisting automakers to deliver connected and intelligent experiences that are safer and highly customizable for best-in-class consumer experiences.
Learn more
Experience mobile like never before.
Snapdragon® 8 Gen 1 Mobile Platform delivers exceptional mobile experiences designed for gamers, streaming, and content creators. Our groundbreaking platform enables next-level AI and gameplay that delivers highly immersive experiences by unleashing the power of 5G. Photographers will appreciate Snapdragon Sight™ Technology, our new premium collection of pro-level camera features.
Learn more
Discover high-fidelity audio connectivity.
Qualcomm® FastConnect ™ 7800 is the world’s first Wi-Fi 7 commercial product designed to redefine wireless connectivity experiences with 5.8 Gbps peak speed and sustained sub 2ms latency. FastConnect 7800 also delivers two streams of Snapdragon Sound™ Technology with advanced dual Bluetooth® capabilities, enabling Bluetooth accessories to work up to twice the range and to pair in half the time.
Learn More
The world’s first 5G AI processor.
The Snapdragon X70 introduces the world’s first 5G AI Processor into a 5G Modem-RF System, a breakthrough that harnesses the power of AI and 5G performance. The 5th generation modem-to-antenna 5G solution offers unmatched data speeds and coverage, low latency, support for and all-day battery life. The Snapdragon X70 is poised to power the next wave of connected intelligent edge 5G devices.
Learn more
High-resolution mobile audio is here.
Snapdragon Sound continues to elevate immersive sound with lossless audio, redefining the connected audio experience with smooth, optimized listening. See the difference between original, lossy, and lossless audio quality, and uncover the future of audio with our State of Sound report.
Learn more about Snapdragon Sound
Download the State of Sound report
You deserve extra.
Join Snapdragon Insiders to get behind-the-scenes opportunities, giveaways, and exclusive extras, like access to Amazon Music Unlimited, with HD Music for all – free for four months for Snapdragon Insiders.1
Become a Snapdragon Insider
We are limitless. Join our team.
We’re looking for the creators and the problem solvers, the inventors who never give up because they know challenges are really opportunities to break new ground and make new discoveries. If you’re ready to exceed your potential, search our open job opportunities and take the first step toward the kind of transformational change we experience at Qualcomm every day.
Explore careers at Qualcomm
OnQ Blog
MAY 12, 2022
Practical innovations for 5G private networks
OnQ Blog
MAY 12, 2022
Vivo X Fold is the world’s first foldable smartphone with Qualcomm 3D Sonic Sensor Gen 2 Sensors in both displays
OnQ Blog
MAY 10, 2022
Advancing 5G to power the Connected Intelligent Edge: Watch Qualcomm CEO Cristiano Amon’s keynote address at 5G Summit 2022 [video]
OnQ Blog
Media Center
This offer is only available for Snapdragon Insiders email subscribers based in the US and UK (Germany coming soon) and is only open to new Amazon Music subscribers (subscribers who have not held an active Amazon Music subscription in the past 12 months). New Snapdragon Insiders email subscribers will need to ensure they select their correct country, as this offer is only valid in the US and UK (Germany coming soon).
Amazon, Amazon Music, and all related marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
*This offer must be redeemed by August 31, 2022 11:59 PM (PT). This offer applies to the Amazon Music Unlimited Individual Plan and is available only to new subscribers to Amazon Music Unlimited. After the promotional trial, your subscription to Amazon Music Unlimited will automatically continue at the monthly price of $9.99 ($8.99 for Prime members) plus applicable tax until you cancel. This offer cannot be combined with any other offer. Digital content and services may only be available to customers located in the U.S. and are subject to the terms and conditions of Amazon.com Services LLC. Offer limited to one per customer and account. Amazon reserves the right to modify or cancel the offer at any time. Offer is non-transferable and may not be resold. If you violate any of these terms, the offer will be invalid.
Snapdragon is a product of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.
Qualcomm FastConnect and Snapdragon Sound are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.
Language
About Qualcomm
Careers
Offices
Contact Us
Support
Email Subscriptions
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookies Policy
Cookie Settings
©2022 Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies.
Note: Certain product kits, tools and materials may require you to accept additional terms and conditions before accessing or using those items.
References to "Qualcomm" may mean Qualcomm Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the Qualcomm corporate structure, as applicable.
Qualcomm Incorporated includes Qualcomm's licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of Qualcomm's engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of its products and services businesses, including its QCT semiconductor business. Qualcomm products referenced herein are products of Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures.
Nothing in these materials is an offer to sell any of the components or devices referenced herein.