https://ouster.com
 EN
Talk to an expert
High-performance digital lidar solutions
Hundreds of companies worldwide, from startups to Fortune 500 companies, use our lidar sensors to give 3D vision to robots, smart infrastructure, industrial machines, vehicles and more.
Talk to an expert
Learn more
75+
Unique sensor configurations
600+
Customers over the trailing 12 months
10k+
Sensors shipped
250+
Patents granted and pending
OS0
For ultra-wide field-of-view
90° FoV
50 m range
Learn more
OS1
For all-around performance
45° FoV
120 m range
Learn more
OS2
For long-range
22.5º FoV
240 m range
Learn more
Now powered by the L2X chip
2x signal processing power
2x data output per pixel
Learn more
With over 75 unique beam configurations, Ouster has a sensor for every application
Compare all sensors
Introduction to Ouster Automotive
Play video→
Transforming industries with high-resolution lidar
Automotive
128 channels of resolution for ultra-wide view, mid-range, and long-range sensors to cover a vehicle’s full field of view in 360 degrees.
Learn more
Smart infrastructure
High-resolution lidar sensors paired with software that detects and classifies vehicles, pedestrians, bicyclists, and even specific incidents across all light and weather conditions.
Learn more
Trucking
Robust sensors with long range and industry-leading resistance to shock, vibration, and ingress to survive the rigors of highway-speed autonomy.
Industrial
Rugged, reliable, and affordable high-resolution lidar sensors to power safety and automation in the mining, agricultural, construction, and logistics industries.
Learn more
Robotics
Ensure your robots are effective and reliable with 90º ultra-wide view sensors - rated IP69K and robust to shock and vibration so your robot won't go down on the job.
The Ouster story
An introduction to Ouster’s founders, technology, and industry applications.
Play video→
Scalable pricing
Ouster’s sales team helps you choose the right sensors and customize a pricing plan to fit your needs and rollout plans, with discounts that increase as you scale.
High-volume manufacturing
Backed by global contract manufacturer Benchmark Electronics, Ouster is ready to work with you to meet your volume requirements. All sensors are backed by a two-year warranty and an on-call support team.
Global presence
Ouster has offices in San Francisco, Paris, and Suzhou, manufacturing facilities in the United States and Thailand, and a global network of local distributors. Our team works where you work.
Ouster offers over 75 sensor configurations. Find the one that’s right for you.
Talk to an expert
© 2021 Ouster, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy
Terms of site use
Based in San Francisco
PRODUCTS
OS0
OS1
OS2
INDUSTRIES
Automotive
Industrial
Smart Infrastructure
HOW TO BUY
Talk to sales
Distributors
Software & Integration Partners
Terms of Sale
RESOURCES
Blog
Downloads
Firmware
COMPANY
About us
Investors
Careers
Press & media
Contact us
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy.
You can consent to the use of such technologies by using the “Accept” button, by closing this notice, by scrolling this page, by interacting with any link or button outside of this notice or by continuing to browse otherwise.
Learn more and customize
Accept
×