https://www.insightness.com/#carousel-homepage-latestnews
 Skip to content
Home
Product
Team
Technology
News
Contact
INSIGHTNESS
SIGHT FOR YOUR DEVICE
We build visual systems to give mobile devices spatial awareness.
PRODUCT
Event-based vision alllows computer vision with an unseen efficency
TECHNOLOGY
We leverage the advantages of smart pixels that are inspired by the way our eyes process visual information.
LATEST NEWS
Have a look at what we are up to at Insightness
WE ARE HIRING AGAIN!
We are looking to expand our team. Please have a look a the newly opened positions as “Computer Vision Engineer” and “Office Manager” and let us know if you are interested. Should you know people that fit these profiles, we would be excited if you could forward them: Job Profile: Computer Vision Engineer Job Profile:
Read more about We are Hiring Again!
[…]
CVPR TALK ONLINE
Stefan Isler, our Head of Software recently gave an exciting talk at the Computer Vision and Patter Recognition (CVPR) Conference; one of the top conferences in the field. The talk announced out latest vision sensor, the Silicon Eye 2 which we will release later this year. The full talk and the slides which were part
Read more about CVPR Talk Online
[…]
INSIGHTNESS SENSOR IN THE NEWS
The Swiss National Television (SRF) recently visited the befriended research group of Prof. Davide Scaramuzza, the “Robotics and Perception Group” at the University of Zurich where they featured a drone with two of our Silicon Eye sensors. The full article (German) and a video can be found here: https://www.srf.ch/news/panorama/forschung-an-drohnen-drohne-weicht-fussbaellen-aus-dank-zwei-kamera-augen
NEW POSITIONS AVAILABLE!
We are looking for talented and innovative people who want to make an impact. Come and join us now in one of the following open positions: Business Developer Digital IC Designer Computer Vision Engineer (full-time or internship) Electronics Engineer Electronics Engineer Intern For more details, please click on the links above to see the full
Read more about New Positions Available!
[…]
Next
CONTACT
Do you want to know more about us? Just let us know!
Insightness, Max-Höggerstr. 6, 8048 Zürich
info@insightness.com
+41 44 431 06 55
Twitter link
Linkedin link
© Insightness AG
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All