https://www.insightness.com/#contact
 Skip to content
Home
Product
Team
Technology
News
Contact
INSIGHTNESS
SIGHT FOR YOUR DEVICE
We build visual systems to give mobile devices spatial awareness.
SPATIAL AWARENESS
Spatial awareness is crucial for mobile devices and platforms. Knowing the position of the device or platform in the world, the 3D structure of its environment and how objects in the surroundings are moving is a key aspect for enabling new interactive applications such as autonomous navigation or augmented and virtual reality. Our technology provides this spatial awareness.
DRONES AND ROBOTS
To operate in unknown terrains, smart drones and robots require fast and precise position information, 3D maps of their environment and information on how objects are moving. Our positioning and collision avoidance systems thereby enable new applications in the field of automated agriculture, mining, inspection or logistics.
AUGMENTED REALITY
To allow virtual and augmented reality on head-mounted displays, the devices need to know where things are located in the world and how they move. To create a convincing illusion of reality, this position estimation and the according screen update have to happen within milliseconds which requires the fast visual processing we can deliver.
SILICON EYE CHIP
Instead of using conventional camera chips for our vision systems, we are designing and manufacturing highly efficient vision sensor chips that are inspired by the processing in our eyes. These chips contain smart pixels that compress the information in the pixel and thereby allow saving time, power and computation.
PRODUCT
Event-based vision alllows computer vision with an unseen efficency
Smart pixels allow fast processing at low data rates
Insightness has created a compact and efficient collision avoidance system for drones with a unique feature: It allows to detect and evade moving as well as static obstacles. While other collision avoidance systems can also detect and evade static obstacles, they struggle with handling dynamic objects. Thanks to the high temporal resolution of our sensors, we have overcome these limitations. We have integrated our collision avoidance system into highly configurable modules: a central processing module integrates the information of one or multiple conventional or Silicon Eye vision sensor modules. Depending on the configuration, the system delivers following information: the 3D position of the drone for trajectory control, a depth map to evade static objects and a motion map to evade moving obstacles. We are currently offering evaluation kits for our collision avoidance systems for drone and robot manufacturers. We are currently also working on a completely novel product in the field of augmented reality that will enable unseen truly interactive AR applications. The according evaluation kits will soon be available so make sure that you have enrolled on our newsletter.
TECHNOLOGY
We leverage the advantages of smart pixels that are inspired by the way our eyes process visual information.
Smart Pixels
In our spatial awareness systems, we use custom vision sensor chips containing smart pixels. This technology is also known as dynamic vision sensor (DVS or DAVIS). The basic principle behind these bio-inspired vision sensors is to compress the visual information already in the pixel. This results in a very efficient vision sensor with low power consumption, fast reaction time and high dynamic range. It also reduces the amount of data that has to be processed and the high temporal resolution simplifies the necessary computation.
Smart Processing
To compute information on position of a device, the structure of its environment and information on how objects move, it is crucial to have an efficient processing pipeline. Doing this with conventional camera data is computationally expensive because a lot of computation is redundant: the image information is processed over and over even though only very few pixels are actually crucial. The Silicon Eye sensor and our novel algorithm framework allow to circumvent this problem and thereby process the visual information in a far more efficient manner.
Smart Systems
To leverage the power of the Silicon Eye sensors and the advantages of our algorithms, it is crucial to integrate hardware and software tightly. This allows us to build small and efficient yet powerful spatial awareness systems. The performance of our systems is enhanced by integrating other sensor modalities such as accelerometers or conventional cameras. To build the best available visual positioning systems, we continuously integrate the feedback of our customers.
LATEST NEWS
Have a look at what we are up to at Insightness
WE ARE HIRING AGAIN!
We are looking to expand our team. Please have a look a the newly opened positions as “Computer Vision Engineer” and “Office Manager” and let us know if you are interested. Should you know people that fit these profiles, we would be excited if you could forward them: Job Profile: Computer Vision Engineer Job Profile:
Read more about We are Hiring Again!
[…]
CVPR TALK ONLINE
Stefan Isler, our Head of Software recently gave an exciting talk at the Computer Vision and Patter Recognition (CVPR) Conference; one of the top conferences in the field. The talk announced out latest vision sensor, the Silicon Eye 2 which we will release later this year. The full talk and the slides which were part
Read more about CVPR Talk Online
[…]
INSIGHTNESS SENSOR IN THE NEWS
The Swiss National Television (SRF) recently visited the befriended research group of Prof. Davide Scaramuzza, the “Robotics and Perception Group” at the University of Zurich where they featured a drone with two of our Silicon Eye sensors. The full article (German) and a video can be found here: https://www.srf.ch/news/panorama/forschung-an-drohnen-drohne-weicht-fussbaellen-aus-dank-zwei-kamera-augen
NEW POSITIONS AVAILABLE!
We are looking for talented and innovative people who want to make an impact. Come and join us now in one of the following open positions: Business Developer Digital IC Designer Computer Vision Engineer (full-time or internship) Electronics Engineer Electronics Engineer Intern For more details, please click on the links above to see the full
Read more about New Positions Available!
[…]
Next
CONTACT
Do you want to know more about us? Just let us know!
Insightness, Max-Höggerstr. 6, 8048 Zürich
info@insightness.com
+41 44 431 06 55
Twitter link
Linkedin link
© Insightness AG
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All